We have to identify success factors and we also have to see how to tailor them to the situation.
He was fined and had to go through disciplinary action. These two women over here, these two representatives, deserve at least as much.
   Mr President, I believe that both Jean Monnet and Altiero Spinelli would be very proud of the events of 1 May.
I welcome the fact that the debate immediately following this one will focus on the situation in the Middle East.
I am convinced that I can once again count on the support of this House.
It also suggested developing a legal instrument for cooperation between enforcement authorities.
(The sitting was closed at 8.15 p.m.)
Mr President, I, as a long-standing rapporteur on this issue within this Parliament, welcome the EU-India Summit, which is due to take place very soon.
I shall end with this short quote.
We should not be toying with those who bail customers out whenever they are to blame for ending up in this dilemma.
But I also hope that, beyond a health-based approach, we see that it is a question of people' s fundamental rights; I hope that this programme is guided by the objective of fighting all violence directed at women and children.
For example, there have been 38 transport directives in the 1990s, compared with just six directives in the insurance sector, the last of which was adopted in 1992, where the transposition record is best.
There should be a Union-wide coordinated approach to dealing with the issue, since to allow Member States to decide matters for themselves, or to leave it to the market, would only worsen the chances of people with reduced mobility having their needs met.
Where Iran is concerned, human rights should not be accorded secondary status with trade and tariff preferences.
My group rejects majority decision-making on enhanced cooperation.
The pan-Union coordination adds a clear value.
These languages should not be allowed to suffer because of the dominant role of a few major languages.
The technical aspect will consist of representatives of the key groups which are closely involved in the problems of financial accounting.
However, there are above all 3 paragraphs in the resolution that we cannot vote for, namely paragraphs 10, 12 and 21.
With respect to market access, the agreement comprises the full range of traffic rights and investment opportunities: this means 100% ownership and control.
There is a whole series of amendments that the Commission will accept as such or with only minor alterations.
We would prefer the future framework directive not to subject the implementation of transfers to Community supervision.
Investigators recently discovered that untreated household waste has been tipped into the Mediterranean all around Naples.
My party supported the efforts made by the founding fathers and voted for the Treaties of Rome.
Many speakers have brought up the issue of the Community method in this debate.
Particularly disturbing are the reports of the reconstruction of the city of Kashgar.
The strong states should unite to form a new monetary union and the others should return to their own currencies.
Nevertheless, we have to establish an overall framework, and this can only be done at European Union level.
On euro securities, in the context of this package I will only confirm what I said at the trilogue on 15 June.
Because this is important to me personally, I should like you to grant me a roll-call vote on every amendment on this report under the same Rule whereby you granted it to the gentleman over there.
The Baltic strategy has highlighted these dangers, and that is why I would like to thank Alexander Stubb for his report.
Time is pressing: first, we need to develop the CAP framework and then use it as a basis for the budget, and not the other way around.
Mr President, Commissioner, on the occasion of this debate on the foot-and-mouth epidemic, I would firstly like to express my unwavering solidarity with all those working in the farming industry, who have already been dealt a cruel blow by the BSE crisis which threw the markets into disarray, and especially with all cattle farmers, most of whom work to rigorously high standards, using methods which respect both the environment and the animals on their farms and who have now been severely affected by this latest crisis which has left them feeling totally helpless.
I would like you to be more specific, Commissioner.
The issues involved are extremely important but the systems in the European Union are quite different from one another.
   Mr President, it is no accident that the motion for a resolution on communist North Korea was tabled by almost all political groups in our Parliament.
Nowadays, the European regulatory framework is a model for other jurisdictions.
The products of gene technology must be transparent from the field to the fork.
These areas have many resources. They require special attention in the agricultural sector (aid for the countryside and for young farmers) and within the framework of sustainable tourism development, as well as requiring specific support for SMEs (to avoid desertification and protect employment) and support for maintaining services.
Mrs Junker has mentioned several problems, as have other Members.
Madam President, let us put a few facts in order.
What is real, Madam Commissioner, is the scandalous meeting held by the Council of Ministers, at which it recently decided not to bear the costs of relieving the refugees' suffering, and to place the burden on neighbouring countries. However, these countries are unable to assume this burden, either economically, politically or socially.
The first consideration must be to recognise that Community legislation must be reinforced and control mechanism procedures enhanced.
I am delighted that we have reached the adoption of the framework programme for the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights, and I would like to thank the rapporteur for his work and the willingness to cooperate that he has demonstrated throughout what has been a formidable task.
I would ask the media - which play a vital role in our communication with citizens - to bear that in mind.
The lamb sector, which Parliament is actually trying to help, will be decimated by the WTO.
I believe that there is still the possibility that this summit will take place, and also the possibility that it may take place in Europe.
in writing. - I abstained on the final vote on this report.
opinion draftsperson for the REGI Committee. - (BG) Madam President, Commissioner, colleagues, as the opinion draftsperson for the Regional Development Committee I would like to underline the significant role of regional and local government authorities in ensuring environmental protection and sustainable development.
Today, we revel in the fact that we have access to all kinds of technology, that everything is possible, that we have thousands of gadgets at our disposal.
Madam President, I too would like to congratulate the Ombudsman on this first report.
You have the floor for one minute, Mr Rübig.
Consequently, we need to give particular consideration to how to deal with this problem here in Europe.
(PL) Madam President, political and economic relations with Ukraine are of great importance to us.
As for the self-styled compromise that has emerged from the relevant parliamentary committee, one might have expected better than a suspect accumulation of evasions that has conscientiously set aside all attempts to bend the wording in the direction of human dignity, namely compatibility between women's health and children's lives.
It is with pleasure that the Finnish Presidency can confirm that there is a package of amendments to be voted on which is based on the outcome of the tripartite negotiations.
What social policy measures should be adopted to achieve prevention in the first place?
That would be my conclusion from the discussions today.
Nevertheless, they are all too easily used in this way.
   – That concludes voting time.
There will have to be some compromise and understanding on all sides.
There will be matters which it keeps secret, in other words it is an apocryphal body.
It is no secret that Japan wants to reintroduce commercial whaling and is working towards it.
The gentlemen of the Presidency were present for the previous topic.
However, the real meaning lies in the fact that biblical Hebrew has two words for man, not one.
Written statements (Rule 142)
in writing. - (SV) We have chosen to abstain, as we think that it is, in principle, wrong to pre-empt the legislative process that is currently in progress concerning precisely these issues in an own-initiative report.
The Commission is aware of the potential impact of phasing out aid to tobacco growing, especially in various production areas such as Greece, Spain and Italy, where the social and economic structure is particularly fragile.
In his report, particularly in the explanatory statement, Mr Wolf draws attention to this difficulty and denounces the expeditious manner in which the EMI resolves it.
We expect that the results of their examinations will be known in March this year.
However, there are also foreign policy aspects to immigration.
I therefore voted in favour of this report.
However, I think that the agency's remit should be limited to this, and I do not share the Commission's position of entrusting the whole field of research on fusion to a single agency.
Rapporteur, Mrs Rita Myller, has compiled an excellent report, which I back entirely.
In my opinion, this was another fundamental point.
The second amendment calls for cofinancing by Community funds for implementing these plans, in particular the Structural Funds, the EAFRD, the Cohesion Fund and the European Solidarity Fund, to be subject to sustainability measures.
Switzerland participating in the 2007-2013 'Youth in Action' and Lifelong Learning programmes will give these programmes an additional impetus and will create opportunities for participant exchanges, for sharing experience, while, at the same time, preserving financial and other EU interests.
rapporteur. - Mr President, the committee and the political groups requested that we vote on compromise amendment 4 first, as it is the amendment that was agreed with the Council and the Commission in the trialogue.
I believe the convention method open to the Member States, national parliaments, the Commission and perhaps ideally also to candidate states can provide a very good framework - not necessarily a single-choice menu, but a framework of rational and consistent choices - and an Intergovernmental Conference can then be invited to proceed.
The Court of Justice then ruled, and I am quoting now, that: 'The general implementing provisions issued under the Staff Regulations may lay down criteria by which the administration should be guided in exercising its discretion or to clarify the meaning of unclear provisions of the Staff Regulations.
I just wanted to ask you if perhaps in this preparation for the future, for which you are responsible, you would bear something in mind, namely that if this equalization were carried out, an absolute economic inequality would result, in which communities without children would have considerable economic advantages compared to those who have children, quite apart from the fact that it would contribute to our continent slowly dying out!
author. - (NL) Mr President, the military regime in Burma tries to give the impression that it is maintaining a good policy and important national values against a hostile outside world that is threatening those positive values.
I would endorse your congratulations to the Welsh.
Parliament has its own responsibility and it must live up to it.
Mr President, I too should like to endorse the statement made by my fellow Member from the Liberal Group, Mrs Flesch.
To my mind, the issue is now quite clear.
Technology, telecommunications and transport have made the world a much smaller place.
Anyone who deplores the lack of or insufficient European culture in the world, which they have every reason to do, can only welcome the MEDIA Mundus programme and vote in favour of it enthusiastically.
I welcome the European Parliament's desire to enhance its involvement in the work to be done on the transatlantic economic partnership.
How does it all fit together?
Consequently, stricter safety measures are needed. This could easily be achieved through an administrative decision by the governments of the Member States.
I believe that we must decide whether to present a universalist and globalist vision or, instead, to preserve the contribution and the identity of each individual.
This was considered helping the UCK!
We have the Lisbon process and the myth-enshrouded Services Directive, which are genuinely needed.
Mr President, satellite navigation is a strategic sector which represents, together with the information superhighway, one of the technological battles of the future.
Strong, motivated and active diplomacy is the expression of the independence that embodies the will to exist and the cohesion of people who are anxious to preserve their identity, promote their interests and contribute to the international balance.
From a different and more general standpoint, but still in the context of consolidating the cohesion of the internal market and boosting growth, the Italian Presidency also nurtures strong hopes that the European Council will accept the political agreement achieved by the Transport Council on the Commission’s proposal regarding the review of the TENs – which, as you will remember, provides the basic structure for the initiatives for the completion of the infrastructure network of the enlarged Europe – in consideration, not least, of the recent decisions on the increase in EU subsidies from 10% to 20% for projects on cross-border stretches.
I am glad that we are setting out this very evening and that this joint delegation of the European Parliament has at last been put together.
Another example is last week's renewed imbroglio in Ukraine.
At this point, I would like to thank each of my co-rapporteurs: Mrs Schierhuber, Mrs Scheele, Mr Olsson, and Mr Garot.
This was what we all did, albeit extremely quickly, and I should like to give a special mention at this point to our Committee chairman, who took charge of the process.
In first reading we tabled 18 amendments and the Commission has adopted only four of them.
He sent a strong message to us to help him to establish peace as soon as possible.
It is obvious, of course, that we must achieve optimum equilibrium between fleet size and fisheries resources, but it must not be achieved at any price, and certainly not at the expense of the men and women who earn their livelihoods from fishing and who keep fishing alive.
However, these are just a few words about the Council's activities and its approach to this serious problem.
There are major improvements in this regulation for frontier workers.
In the European Social Fund, this figure is EUR 1.9 billion, since 16% of the Member States have not fully implemented the amounts.
It is precisely to avoid such problems and to ensure full transparency that the provisions of Article 13 require Member States to notify their systems of penalties for breaches of national provisions that are adopted on the basis of this directive.
At the same time, solutions at European level can be a way of forcing acceptance by those who do not agree with infringing moral principles.
I feel that the Security Council is currently demonstrating the limits of the United Nations.
They start to learn English from the age of six.
Madam Commissioner, we are calling for specific measures to be taken.
Thirty thousand children a day die as a result of extreme poverty.
Those should focus on things like the radicalisation of people inside the European Union, the protection of our infrastructure and, in particular, how we exchange information and protection more effectively, how we retain that, how we get cooperation between the different security and police services inside the European Union in order to protect our people better and, as the Home Secretary, Charles Clarke, said to you when he was here in the European Parliament, we are happy to deal with this under the first pillar, so that it can be part of the codecision-making process.
Would what we are doing just now, with our sectoral directives and our decisions taken on a somewhat basis on state aid, suffice as a legal framework?
I share the report's view that an open dialogue on nuclear energy is essential.
I do not think he will find anything.
Reform of the Council has yielded less glorious results, especially as regards transparency. That transparency should have to do with only part of lawmaking, only at its outset and conclusion, and only in a particular way, is actually ridiculous.
The new Europe you represent also needs new solidarity among the institutions.
A great country like China is surely sufficiently robust and forward-looking that it can give real freedom to all the peoples living under its authority.
Today he comes up with two proposed amendments to the directive and regulation.
The proposals for the full recording of searches are to be welcomed, but it seems appropriate to specify in the Article what information must be recorded.
What is more, publication would bring the Bank more into line with the Federal Reserve Bank in the United States and the Bank of Japan.
I listen to you and I listen to the Member States and I listen to the Commission.
Periodic fighting continues to erupt between the belligerents and the civilian population.
Only if everyone concerned works together in constructive partnership can we make a significant and lasting contribution to stemming this epidemic.
You are right about the need to protect consumers, the question is how.
Believe it or not, there is to be an increase of 16% for the area of freedom, security and justice.
New partners and adoptive children are also to be included in the new definition.
I am happy to accept that it was a corrigendum and that we therefore had recitals A to K. What is certain now is that we should have arranged them in the same order in the voting list.
The numerous amendments presented by my group and by others correct these flaws, and the current text is a balanced one.
This is therefore both proper and vital, and, on this point, the Council has agreed with us that such electronic distorting apparatus should be unambiguously prohibited.
Canada, which was facing economic recession some years ago, has consciously invested in science and technology and is now reaping the economic rewards of its efforts.
Once upon a time there was a white dove (Europe) and a wicked eagle (the United States).
In its communication COM(2004)0343 of 26 May 2004, the Commission set itself two goals: to reduce the difficulties of access to the outermost regions, not just in relation to continental Europe but also from one region to another, and to improve the competitiveness of businesses.
However, the Commission stands its ground on the legal basis.
The question we are faced with for the moment is: should we grant a discharge today?
We are worried about the state of resources and sustainability of fisheries in the area.
The Union never misses an opportunity to reiterate the importance of international legitimacy, its concern to see the United Nations resolutions applied, the basic principles which inform the peace process and its determination to encourage the parties to continue with the peace process through close, regular political dialogue with all the parties in the region.
Nevertheless, we have the right to say what we think and I would say that, as far as the French delegation is concerned including, in particular, myself, although in no way am I dependent on the French Government, it supports the position adopted by the President of the French Republic, namely to oppose, by all possible means, the launching of a military operation.
All RACs have submitted their opinions and, furthermore, as in any other legislation, we organised a public Internet consultation.
Secondly, there is cooperation with external partners, and, in pursuing its objectives in the field of anti-terrorism, we have continued to collaborate closely with partners outside the European Union.
The reasons are not known, the consequences are criminal...
I therefore agree with maintaining these programmes and the budgetary approach that is proposed, because it is of crucial importance that we continue to promote the creation of a European educational area through informal educational experiences amongst young people, including physical mobility in particular, to promote lifelong learning, foreign language learning, greater use of new technologies in education and to promote cooperation at European level between the various Education providers concerned.
Also within that context, the Commission will take the necessary initiatives to ensure thorough consideration – together with the Member States' experts and the social partners – of the issues raised by the European Parliament.
I can answer this question at the same time as that of Mr Pérez Royo.
It is as simple as that.
We therefore expect the Directorate-General for Competition, even before presenting the drafts for the regulation on the structural funds, to present its proposal for guidelines on regionally targeted aid, which should take due account of the parliamentary vote, for we must beware of narrowly focusing aid and support measures on the acceding countries, which would ultimately subsidise tax dumping in those countries and would only lead to job losses in the existing EU Member States as companies moved their production facilities from the West to the new Member States in the East.
Therefore, Union legislation does not prevent Member States from establishing their own approaches to the provision of information on medicines, provided that the above-mentioned rules on advertising are complied with.
I would also like once again to emphasise our respect and gratitude towards Hungary which was the first country to be brave enough to open its borders.
Madam President, the murder of Mr and Mrs Calderón is typical of the kind of spiralling violence which goes unpunished in Colombia.
So there are wide variations in practice, and I think we need to approach all this very carefully. We have to decide which of these practices are genuinely incompatible with using the ESCB to develop a single monetary policy for Europe, and which are incompatible with the proper functioning of the ESCB as a single system.
   Mr President, I would like to begin by congratulating Mr Eurlings on his excellent work on an issue which, as this debate has demonstrated, is controversial and difficult.
For example, will the employment promotion agencies, which is one of Commission President Santer's proposals, work together if such a committee is set up including at least four members from each Member State?
We have also, rather reluctantly, opened the door to some localized tolerance of excedences on lead where some non-ferrous metal smelting works will simply not be able to meet the deadline even with the best available technology.
This is an area which, I think, should be covered at national level.
We are going to create thousands and thousands of clusters of small businesses and we are going to be up to the challenge of creating this social cohesion and fabric based on knowledge.
We can tell the Finnish minister that, whilst we are pioneers, we must ensure that our position also bears fruit.
Finally, we would urge Members to vote in particular against Amendment No 41 on capital requirements, because we feel that this would be very bad for the industry.
I agree with the report as approved by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, and in Amendment No 3 the rapporteur has replaced the date proposed by the Commission, a single date for everybody, which, as you are well aware, is 2012, as negotiated by the Member States.
We should, of course, make intelligent use of such sanctions and target them in such a way as to ensure that the lives of ordinary Belarusians are not affected, but we should not hesitate to impose them, including the suspension of Belarus' membership in the Eastern Partnership.
Given that, because of its old age, the reliability of the control equipment, whose technology dates back to the 1970s in some cases, can no longer be guaranteed, SESAR will have a major impact on safety.
That will be explicitly stated in future directives too.
In this specific area, the simplistic approach to the issue of abortion, seen as a contraceptive or treatment measure, but always necessary, is a matter of concern.
The problems in this area are linked to the whole chain of actions: from providing information to citizens to the actual transplant itself and post-transplant treatment.
The vote will take place today at 12 noon.
And how!
Calling for a small increase or a freeze is derisory when what is really needed is a sharp cut in the budget to give the taxpayer a break.
We will have various other opportunities to go into this question in greater detail. Today, let me simply stress an obvious point, which is, moreover, the crux of what we want to achieve in Nice and beyond.
There is now software to make some of the necessary corrections, and therefore the users and suppliers of software themselves will know best how to solve the problem, and we know that this is now happening.
Mr President, it is appropriate I raise my point after this exchange because the greatest political excitement in the Brussels village at present is the machinations and intrigues on the fisheries policy, rather than the content of it which is of course very important.
An important point here is of course who meets the costs.
Furthermore, this majority lays claim to the EU being a model of integration for Latin America.
The call for the action plan to focus on indoor and outdoor air quality and chemicals has my backing.
I thank Commissioner Barnier for this very timely initiative and for his vision.
Secondly, women gained control over their reproductive lives through contraception.
I also find deeply concerning the situation regarding collective punishments where sometimes up to three generations of a family are sent to prison systems dominated by brutality, torture, forced labour and public executions, as also mentioned by Mr Tannock.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you Mr Catania and Mrs Roure for all the very useful work that has been accomplished.
Mr President, fundamentalism causes many problems within societies, and women, in particular, are the victim.
The European Union should, in my opinion, contribute to the democratisation and strengthening of the multilateral trade system through the reform of the World Trade Organisation for the benefit of the poorest countries.
What about the fact that there are labour camps in a large European Union Member State on the Mediterranean coast where, according to the press, 20 000 people from other Member States worked?
Mr President, we need to realise that the US economy will continue to outstrip ours in terms of competitiveness unless we increase the mobility of the labour force in Europe.
The second area for reflection is enterprise.
I think we have added another few elements to the rights of passengers.
In France alone, it represents a turnover of EUR 50 million a year.
My personal recommendation would be to be a little more realistic here, and perhaps to pare down the agenda.
I sincerely hope that does not turn out to be the outcome of the European Council this weekend.
   – Mr President, the impressive mobilisation of global and European public opinion is inciting both governments and the European Union to act more effectively by strengthening international cooperation under the aegis of the UN.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I thank you for this debate centring on Mr Cramer’s excellent report.
I believe, however, that what is necessary is a simplification of regional policy and the bringing about of economic and social cohesion.
The Lisbon Agenda gave us a decade to reform.
This would then apply until the re-assessment procedure has been completed.
At the present time, it is possible they may be listening to us and waiting, ear pressed to a radio, for these words, our words, to remind them that they are still alive.
EU-Cameroon forest law agreement (
The rule change also would guarantee that associated committees are represented in any Parliament delegation in a conciliation procedure.
(The sitting was suspended at 1.10 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
I have no reason to doubt that the case will be the same for the proposals that the Commission will present following your conclusions of today.
This means that the EU will have to work extra hard to ensure that core human rights values are reflected in the decisions taken.
Therefore, stringent confidentiality rules on information on suspect operations need to be issued.
I do not think that including self-employed people in this particular legislation is burdensome.
Our work is not based only on representative democracy - it is also based on participatory democracy.
In only a few countries did the proportion of women exceed 40%, and that was in Ireland and Greece.
Nevertheless, I would like to put some questions to the Commission.
The principles of the Rome Statute, as well as those governing the functioning of the ICC, are fully in line with the principles and objectives of the Union.
I do not think there are good or bad presidents.
It is also essential for the RoHS Directive to be workable and, in this respect, I welcome the account that has been taken of the potential effects of these substances on health and the environment, the establishment of a methodology and the guaranteed complementarity with the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemical Substances (REACH) Regulation.
In this sense we are responding to two of the rapporteur's main recommendations.
A delegation of us went there last year, and, at the time, the suggestion was made from various quarters that it might be useful if some greater power than Norway were to emerge as mediator.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the forthcoming Euromed Ministerial Conference is without doubt important, complex and a matter of urgency in view of the tragedies we are witnessing in our seas on a daily basis.
I would therefore draw the attention of the Commission once more to an own-initiative report - which it so happens was drawn up by me, but was approved by plenary session - in which we point out that, if the administration of agricultural expenditure in the new and existing Member States concerned is not in order, the Commission must suspend advance payments much more often until the system is in order, instead of carrying out controls after the event and imposing penal charges.
I would vigorously oppose any such move, and the House is united on that stance.
The Constitution also sets out the measures that we should take, and so it would be a serious mistake to consign women’s issues to the field of social policy.
Mr President, there are now roughly one hundred days to go until the launch of the single currency, and the Commission intends with this communication to assess in full the effects which the changeover to the euro will have at Community level, as well as its repercussions on the Member States.
It cannot be because of the oil or gold or other natural resources. In other regions of the world with plentiful natural resources, as in the Gulf, we have an interest in stability, regardless of how we might choose to achieve it.
I say this after 20 years' experience of the United Nations.
Capitalist companies or consumers through VAT?
They have a number of trump cards which they can play and about which far too little is known, certainly in our countries, where people often think that the new Member States are still at an early stage of development.
The Commission also agrees that the individual fulfilment of the Copenhagen criteria is of the utmost importance when judging the readiness of countries in the region to join the EU.
There remain elements of the proposal that could give rise to different interpretations.
In paragraphs 13 and 36, 'minimum income' has been translated by the Swedish word 'minimilön', which means 'minimum wage'.
In an EU of free movement of goods and services there is more competition, so those who do not look after their workforce lose business.
The European Parliament will watch over the independence of OLAF with Argus eyes, according to the new legal bases.
All of us here are duty bound to take an especially responsible approach to investing in this area.
We are facing a period when we will have a new Parliament and a new Commission within a few months: all of these things will be challenges for our institutions and we still seem to be bogged down in focusing purely and simply on competitiveness – which, of course, I do not deny is important, but it is only one half of the story.
However, as things stand, I am sorry to say that the Albanian authorities are still preferring to find their own solution to the problems created by these saving schemes.
People are being evicted who were already evicted in 2005 in Operation Murambatsvina, which incidentally means 'clean out the trash'.
In this regard, the Convention is constantly moving backwards.
Naturally the legislation permits us to sell our products on the European market under certain conditions but as regards the supermarket chains we are left with question marks.
Any further procrastination in adopting the legal bases will affect the launch of SIS II.
Most of these were technical amendments aimed at aligning the text with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Our partners usually focus on the problems which they see as priorities, but they ignore the marginal categories, the rejects, with all the dramatic consequences that that implies.
It is a very respectable opinion, but it cannot be taken into account.
The theoretical purpose is to reduce smoking, alcohol use and car traffic.
He has put a spanner in the European works.
I am convinced, as is Mrs Frassoni, that the right to petition is an important right, but I must say that the Committee on Petitions is a rather odd committee; it is important, interesting, but also odd.
For specific reasons, it has other priorities, such as enlargement, parliamentary elections, economic security etc. Nonetheless, I would ask the Commission not to neglect education, youth and culture.
We are not currently sitting in the Spanish Parliament, nor in the Assembly of the region in question, but in the European Parliament, and I cannot prejudge nor anticipate any principle or respect for freedom of expression of the Members.
You have been obsessed with the desire to reduce your position to that of head of Europe's police and all you have to show for your efforts is the sad link you have made between immigration and crime.
This new Commission must be seen to be acting decisively and if public confidence is not to be eroded we need action within days, not within weeks or months.
Thank you.
On the eve of the Sydney Olympics, I would like to recall that the first, and perhaps the best, contribution to peace made by Europe, that is, by ancient Greece, was precisely the Olympic Games.
Mr Prodi, the previous President of the Commission, went to Estonia before it joined the European Union.
However, it looks like a beautiful house with a damaged roof.
It is by chance that we have allowed the disease to spread.
Again, it would be an enormous amount of work, but we are already reflecting on how we can approach it in the most pragmatic and flexible way.
One benefit of this system is that it enables the Commission to take action systematically against Member States which have not adopted national measures to implement directives before the time allowed for transposal is completed.
To the Spanish Members who have alleged here in a particularly vigilant and occasionally even aggressive way that I am telling lies, I would say that they are really burying their heads in the sand.
I quote one of the most famous Americans, Thomas Jefferson, when he said, ‘I have never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as a cause for withdrawing from a friendship’.
If guidelines are to be of any value, they must be firmly established in the relevant Member State.
It is, however, precisely against this obsession with all-out competition and against this inclination to reduce the whole of life in society to the level of a commodity that a growing number of our fellow citizens are protesting and mobilising.
How, when trying to protect one's own civilians, is it possible to react proportionately if the other side is using its own civilians as human shields?
Furthermore, any meagre fine they will be obliged to pay pales into insignificance when compared to the huge profits that they make.
The Commission is striving not only to reduce the number of discrepancies and the steps applying to them, but has also undertaken measures in 2005 through which some of the old Member States have improved the way they report discrepancies, through the use of electronic systems.
Lastly, Mr President, the partnership will be good for jobs.
This is bad news in the current difficult economic climate.
Mr President, my reference to the regulations is based on Articles 127, 122 and 43.
What I want to know is whether there is really enough interest on the other side of the Mediterranean.
I cannot, unfortunately, give any indication as to when this issue will be concluded.
We in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs have analysed and somewhat improved the Commission's document.
In conclusion, Prime Minister, I would say, do as your countryman Justus Lipsius advised: be stoical in adversity, embrace necessity and be constant in your faith in Europe.
Far from having improved, we all have the impression that the human rights situation in Iran is getting worse and that, despite the countries of the European Union holding out their hand, the Iranian regime is answering with provocations with respect to the two European citizens that have been mentioned.
My third point relates to the difference in the treatment of sugar.
The ability to convert the findings of research and development into the process of establishing standards will ultimately determine whether the European system of standardisation will continue to play a key role in a globalised world.
There are one or two who are hesitant and it is against that background that it is extremely important that a clear and unanimous signal should be given by Parliament.
At the extraordinary meeting of the European Council on employment held in Luxembourg on 20 and 21 November 1997, the Member States agreed unanimously on a new coordinated approach to tackling the Community-wide problem of unemployment, whilst respecting the principle of subsidiarity and accepting that different nations' situations will result in differing emphasis.
The estimates of the EP for the year 2011 are thus forwarded to the Commission for inclusion in the draft budget proposal for 2011.
We have happily set up over the years several semi-European institutions in different Member States.
It is a vast territory that occupies an important geostrategic position between Europe, Asia and the Middle East, that is playing a central role in the dispute about ownership of and access to the energy resources of Central Asia (such as the Nabucco project) and that has a key role to play in the US-NATO-EU partnership.
Only Sweden and Finland are mentioned, and Denmark is included in an aside.
Yet nine years after this directive was first discussed, when the disability movement for a generation has put accessible public transport at the heart of its demands, those on the opposite side of the House threaten to vote, not simply against the amendment, but to destroy the whole directive.
That is depressing for sure, particularly for the Hungarian minority who live there.
Liberal Democrats and Reformers in this House hope beyond hope that Sunday will not find Cypriots stirring the cold old ashes of a sad history.
Only those proposals on which Social Democrats and Liberals were able to agree received a majority.
Women must be involved in all areas - not just in the defence of their own rights - by participating in the resolution of everyday problems, in the institutions and on company management boards, in unions and in social and cultural organisations.
Secondly, while there must be penalties for non-implementation of MAGP targets, surely they must be targeted at the guilty parties.
At this juncture, it would be appropriate to point out that such collaboration has been promoted by the personality of not only Mr Söderman but also those of the two chairmen who have headed our Committee on Petitions during this period, Mr Newman and Mr Fontana.
We are thereby contributing to the security of the people of Europe, because DNA-matching among a small number of countries has already resulted in the identification of criminals and in convictions for serious crimes.
Madam President, who is it that deals with statistics in the companies?
I thank the Commission and the authorities concerned for including for the first time a protocol in an FMD contingency plan for a non-susceptible species.
Many in my electorate in Romania share this perspective.
All trade with Indonesia must be conditional upon the definitive restoration of peace in Timor.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe is not only asking the right questions but also beginning to provide practical answers and to commit itself to energy savings and the adoption of alternative sources of energy, as well as considering how to address the climate change emergency.
Finally, I would just say how necessary it has been since the outset - and still is - to have a social dialogue in this sector, involving both sides of industry along with consumers' representatives and associations.
The next item is the joint debate on the reports:
We believe the proposed agreement between the EU and Switzerland is a pilot agreement; the same applies to the analysis of the means by which what we regard as a theoretical transport policy may subsequently be put into practice.
I would thank the Swedish Presidency and Mr Danielsson for their comprehensive answer and for their most generous concluding words.
It would seem that the Commission is persisting in an attitude of indifference towards Parliament and hostility to the existence of the public service and to what it means for the peoples of Europe.
Mr Commissioner, I have two questions: first, the extent to which the advancement of minority groups and/or minority languages, perhaps better called 'languages less often used in the European Union' , play a part in Kaleidoscope; and secondly, what role is played in Kaleidoscope by the eastward enlargement and the preparatory process for the candidate states.
I have no way of punishing anyone who calls me a thief and hides behind his Parliamentary immunity.
One of them, of course, was patient safety and we do have a measure that has sped its way on the fast track to join us.
But oil also has a great future, for this is the sort of production which poses no problems in Geneva. Tell us that is no big deal, Mr Commissioner.
I want all that we talk about and that we discuss to correspond also with the interests of our constituents.
Topical and urgent debate
Fourthly, Iraq possesses many natural resources, particularly its reserves of oil.
We also find the amounts specified by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development excessive.
They are conditions for each other.
I must stress that, having received this information, your institution never again mentioned the study initially envisaged until very recently.
All of the results were put on paper and signed by our Heads of State and Government at the Nice Summit.
Now we have to see to it that there is consensus right to the end.
On the other hand, the understanding reached between Mr Engwirda and the Government of the Netherlands was not entirely transparent and this aroused some suspicions in the Committee.
I look forward to that.
To the so-called third age we will have to add a fourth category, the fourth generation, whose needs will have important effects on social, health and pension matters.
At the same time, we should also denounce in the strongest possible terms the rocket attacks and bombings in Egypt last week, which resulted in the death of numerous Israeli and Egyptian civilians, because the last thing that did was to help the peace process.
I hope and expect that it will receive the support of the European Parliament in this regard.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we should also be asking ourselves in what ways Hong Kong and the Doha round can help us achieve the Lisbon objectives.
It should be borne in mind that Articles 3 and 7a refer to the free movement of persons, not of citizens.
Whatever the benefits of the alternative methods of dispute settlement, the consumer should not be deprived of the possibility of a remedy.
OK, laugh if you want to.
in writing. - (PT) The natural resource of 'air' is every day becoming increasingly polluted, mainly in urban centres and regions of EU Member States with the highest population densities.
The Northern Dimension is certainly different from Kaliningrad, which is symbolised, for example, by the Sami people who live in the Arctic region that stretches from Norway to Russia and who at the same time are the EU’s only indigenous people.
At the same time, it will make it possible for the workforce requirements of European markets to be met.
The philosophy behind the proposed legislation is that it should help Member States to follow disciplined policies and lay the basis for stable long-term growth performance, which is critical to the welfare of European citizens, while making an important contribution to the prevention of future crises.
We are helping to reform the National Election Board, a very interesting initiative in my view.
   Mr President, Commissioner, thank you very much for being here with us this evening.
I also see it as irresponsible to move towards the abolition of employers’ contributions to workers’ health insurance.
This was attributed by many observers to liberalisation, privatisation, deregulation, etc. encouraging an inflow of capital.
Tobacco generates big bucks.
Despite all that, at the end of the day, this money, which is supposed to assist the local people, will, even so, be better employed over there than the money given to major employers over here who are shedding jobs.
I must needs adopt an impressionistic approach in my responses to some of the more trenchant comments that have been made.
I know what I am talking about from my experience of dealings with Belarus.
As we know how little room there is for change when it comes to compulsory expenditure in the agricultural sector, I think we have to give you credit for having fought and won a few points.
However, we do not have this single system.
There is so much in this report to commend to the House; it is difficult to name just one integration measure – there are so many.
The line of action should lead on from the Greek Presidency, but with certain particularly significant moments.
Half of all the plasmatic clotting factors currently used in the European Union comes from remunerated donors; either they have made their donation in the EU or their plasma has been imported.
As you know, this is a binding directive for the Member States.
In my opinion, it has absolutely nothing to do with democracy being replaced with technocracy.
Unfortunately, the same is not yet true for biodiversity loss.
There are potential advantages of a visa-free regime in relation to the democratisation process in general.
It is frightening to hear President Prodi say that almost 80% of respondents in a recent poll had no idea what was going on.
Some leaders act as if the Union gave them rights but no duties whatsoever.
I think, however, that it is important for you to truly take the initiative in tackling the problem of where Parliament should meet.
To this day, though, it is unclear in which countries these prisons were situated, and whether any of them were in the European Union.
We voted against the report on 'Public access to Parliament' s documents' because this is a misleading title and the report aims not so much to widen the possibilities of access as to regulate them and, in doing so, grants the European Parliament the right to restrict public access.
It has as its objective the improvement and simplification of the business environment.
Meanwhile, Israel does not respect the Accords signed with the representatives of the Palestinian people.
No regulation can replace honesty in this area.
I think that the best tribute I can pay him is a kind of public promise that I will try, through my presence in the European Parliament, to help realise his ideas on Europe as a project of ambition and vision and as a giant capable of bringing its culture of rights to the world.
The only thing one can say to this is that if you want to give Europe a constitution, you cannot be serious in attacking in this way the right to approve the Budget, which is the prerogative of the future main legislative authority, namely the European Parliament.
Mr President, firstly, I would also like to congratulate the rapporteurs, Mr Valdivielso and Mr Piétrasanta, and say that I share the views of Mr Piétrasanta and Mr Naïr.
Positive discrimination is absurd.
I liked the positive tone this afternoon in all the speeches.
We need clearer labels to indicate where animal products are used to make a garment, in particular, in the case of fur and fur trim.
The amendments adopted in the Committee on Agriculture seek to make this Directive more effective, by emphasising that the by-products of biofuels produced in the European Union provide materials that are rich in plant protein which can be used in animal feed; by abolishing the totally arbitrary limit of 50% of the tax differential; by abolishing the time limit of 31 December 2010, since the external costs in the oil sector are permanent; by applying complete tax exemption to fuels used in biofuel production, which is already the case in the manufacture of oil products; by pointing out that cuts in excise duty can only apply to biofuels produced in the European Union, otherwise the European Union would not benefit from either reduced greenhouse gas emissions or from protein fodder crops that are produced as a by-product.
I am not sure whether she will be pleased but I would like to tell her nonetheless!
A welcome development is that the negotiations on the Financial Perspective succeeded in largely harmonising the different standards within the framework of cohesion policy for the old and new Member States.
The importer?
There is no certainty, but the issue merits further study.
The changeover to using euro notes is, therefore, a useless and costly operation without a doubt. It will cause a rise in inflation and cases of public or private embezzlement.
The difficulty of trying to find a system aimed at a minimum of taxation on savings income within the European Union has been more keenly appreciated as progress has been made in liberalising the movement of capital.
Now to some practical matters: Latin America is generally rich in energy resources, but demand will increase and it will require the necessary major investments.
It is an important development.
As long as Milosevic stays in power it is, of course, extremely difficult to tell the Albanians that they must continue to live under the yoke of Milosevic.
Fourthly, Mr Marques, coordination between the Cohesion Fund and the Structural Funds has been given real impetus with the new regulations for the period 2000-2006 and, within the Directorate-General, with the integrated management of the various departments concerned with the Cohesion Fund and the other Structural Funds.
I am not saving my soul.
The other men and boys were then loaded on to buses and lorries which took them several kilometres outside Tulkarem, where they were told to get off and forbidden to go back to their homes for the next three days.
It did nothing to help us back in Northern Ireland, it does nothing to raise our standing within this Parliament.
Mr Schulz has rightly said ‘make sure that the institutions are in order’.
The MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece support the workers standing up against and opposing this liberalisation ...
At the same time, we are aware that so-called reformers are promoting new solutions, such as, for example, renationalising cohesion policy.
Energy saving measures are, for one thing, very cost intensive and do not always involve completely mature technology, so in that respect, we must not simply lay down something; we must provide incentives through subsidies.
Has the time not come, Commissioner, for us to call on Syria finally to heed these calls before the association agreement on which negotiations have now been concluded is signed?
This decision will mean that relatively rich areas of poorer Member States (such as Mazovia and Warsaw) will still receive support.
This issue will not go away.
the Commission's statement on accounting requirements for medium-sized companies
Parliament aims to enhance data protection in the transfer of Passenger Name Record (PNR) data to institutions in third countries.
This always creates uncertainty, resistance to change, apparent winners and losers and there is no doubt that this can be argued over, but I believe there are many more arguments to convince us, and to convince us that we are moving in the right direction, and to confirm that Europe, by means of directives such as this, is consolidating its determination to lead the process of achieving sustainable development.
   . Justice is, with good reason, one of the areas that Member States traditionally keep within the sphere of their own sovereignty.
I am therefore looking forward to reporting on the progress made during the next couple of months.
Thirdly, there are two kinds of fishing – costal fishing, which is, more or less, or still is almost traditional, and industrial fishing.
Mr President, the research programme on HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis is necessary because there is relatively little medical research into poverty-related diseases.
The ultimate aim of all our actions, both in terms of economic policy and in terms of the real economy, is social policy.
However, no final decision will be taken until there is unanimous European support on this issue and the United Nations Security Council has stated its official position on this.
An opportunity, too, because it is the occasion to open up a market of 500 million inhabitants, to stabilize our continent and to increase its strength in the world.
Parliament's role in this is clearly legislative, first and foremost.
It is important that the Union keeps to the commitments which we gave to Croatia, Turkey and the Western Balkan countries in negotiations on membership.
We cannot sit idly by and watch.
Vessels are rusting apart, and their radioactive cargoes are sinking.
The repayment of the loan is covered by a guarantee from the European budget.
Madam President, allow me first to address a query to Mr Frederiksen, who chaired his first Social Affairs Council yesterday.
This is also our message to the Commission.
Such a curtailment of the European Parliament's rights as a legislature enjoying democratic legitimacy is unacceptable.
Europe is a community of freedom, responsibilities and democratic values.
We know that a great deal of the EWL budget goes to coordination and research, but EWL does not offer financial aid to the associations that make it up.
It should provide incentives to renew fleets and create more efficient, more modern aircraft.
Over 70 European timber firms have already signed up to a declaration committing them to trading only in legal wood.
But having said that, and in reply to the earlier question from Mr De Rossa, I am also conscious of the specific concerns expressed by Members.
For this reason I will be voting against this report.
We have therefore voted against Mr Barroso’s proposal.
We need to prepare our industry and give some thought to possible methods of producing chemicals or metals in industry; waste disposal will have to be examined as well.
I have studied in detail the report by Mrs Heidi Hautala.
They related to an offer made to the other European country that feels it is directly affected - Portugal - concerning an avenue currently being explored in the United Nations under the responsibility of Kofi Annan, the Portuguese Government and the Indonesian Government. Their aim is to reach a decision that could be accepted at international level, while clearly taking into account, of course, the interests of the people of Timor.
The problem really lies in the importing of finished goods, the substances contained in which will simply be notified.
As representative of my group, I also want to say that we support the compromise in Mr Cunha's report.
There are three aspects on which I would like to focus rather more closely.
Given my strong conviction that it is important for the EU to act directly on the causes of instability, partly by improving the use of the available instruments, I have no option but to vote in favour of the proposal.
As the President of Slovenia, you convey that message with particular resonance.
And I must not forget Irish whiskey in case there are any Irishmen among us today.
This is a clear indication that the ECB affirmed its credibility in 2000.
But we envisage stabilisation for South Africa at the average level of around EUR 122m per annum, with a global figure of some EUR 850.5m in the period 2000-2006.
Nevertheless, human rights, which have even been called the last temporal religion of our time, go deeper than the politics of the day.
Most people are worn out from a long working life long before they reach retirement age.
When I first came across mental health policy it had not progressed far from the locks, bolts, restraint garments, isolation rooms, powers to detain, forcible administration of drugs and so on – or so it seemed.
The question which is now being raised is this: by removing the word "territorial' from Article 2, have we or have we not changed the rapporteur's message?
The events we have witnessed, particularly recently in the context of the so-called draft constitutional treaty, have been examples of neither objectivity nor pluralism.
I welcome the concern and commitment shown by the government and opposition parties of Montenegro in relation to European integration.
Indeed, in the speech he gave at yesterday's sitting, Javier Solana again stated that it is not possible to keep the current system of rotating the Council presidency every six months, based on the false argument of the enlargement of the EU. This raises the possibility that other models may be introduced, particularly an election model, which would strengthen the influence and power of the large countries to the detriment of full and effective equality of rights among the Member States, a situation we firmly reject.
Imagine my surprise, and indeed satisfaction, therefore, when I noticed that the Committee on Civil Liberties was eventually able to take my concerns on board.
I am very grateful, especially in the light of the statements made by the Commissioner and the Commission's proposals, which we are already aware of, that unlike America we in Europe do not intend to overreact but that we are instead trying, by means of individual measures, to improve the existing legal position.
Does this immunity apply in Bosnia, or does it apply elsewhere in the world too?
Accordingly, this dispute over the principle of language is something those involved find difficult to comprehend.
I believe, in spite of everything, that the national democracies themselves form the democratic basis for the European project.
Bloch von Blottnitz recommendation for second reading
I expressed our deep regret at the subsequent loss of life.
Through averaging and banking, we have therefore introduced a flexible system which places the administrative burden on those manufacturers who wish to use it and which has a sound impact upon the environment.
It remains that a sort of rationing for access of candidates must be avoided.
It is significant that the EU will now support the commemoration of the victims of both those dictatorships.
Something happened in Zimbabwe that should make every politician consider how we can prevent the demoralising effects of power - among ourselves also.
This way we can ensure that the reductions here do not result in an increase elsewhere, because then the sacrifices would have been in vain.
It was about very practical problems and challenges along the lines of equal wages for the same work, child care and care of the elderly and tasks that should be divided more equally between husbands and wives if society is to function, as well as about a number of other problems that, of course, affect both men and women, but above all women, in today’s society.
Lastly, prior tax harmonisation is still not included in these texts, which means we are once again opening the way to fiscal dumping.
The next item is the examination of the final draft Agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting on Thursday 11 November pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure.
I think that new medicines and improved medicines with miraculous properties are released too easily on the market, but are then withdrawn within a very short time.
Paradoxically, we are going to increase our financial participation to rejoin NATO and, at the same time, reduce our military presence in Africa.
If we are talking to future partners who have decided in favour of democracy, but do not admit that they were not always democracies and that, of course, the leftovers of the apparatus of repression are still present in the current machinery of government, that is a truth which must be looked straight in the eye!
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (CS) Madam President, I welcome the own-initiative report by my colleague Mr Audy, which looks at the importance of rigorously implementing customs procedures for the proper functioning of the internal market.
The massive indiscriminate grubbing-up of 400 000 hectares, seen as a structural solution, must be clearly ruled out.
Russia's current and future economy is built on the export of energy resources.
   The next item is the debate on the report (A5-0216/2004) by Mr Markov, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on minimum conditions for the implementation of Directive 2002/15/EC and Council Regulations (EEC) Nos 3820/85 and 3821/85 concerning social legislation relating to road transport activities [COM(2003) 628 – C5-0601/2003 – 2003/0255(COD)].
The EU cannot continue to negotiate on ACTA if the people are not allowed to take part in the process.
I know Nepal very well - it is one of the poorest countries in the world, but also one of the most fascinating.
There is every indication that these troops are not fulfilling a peace-keeping role, and that they are in fact a party in the conflict between Abkhazian separatists and the government of Georgia, as evidenced by the shooting down of a pilotless Georgian aircraft by a Russian one.
This Pax Atlantica - there is no other possible expression - since 54, 220 of the soldiers come from 15 countries of the Atlantic Alliance - is now accompanied by a plan for reconstruction.
The principal issues affecting Central Asia are reflected in this report, including security issues, combating terrorism, energy, combating poverty, transit of narcotic drugs, trafficking in human beings, environmental issues and the development of relations with the European Union, regional cooperation and the challenges of globalisation.
Denmark is a party to every aspect of common citizenship of the Union, and using a Danish term for citizenship that excludes the element ‘state’ and therefore appears less binding emphatically makes no difference.
What matters most is that negotiations are opened, and Parliament is ready for this.
On the economic crisis, yes it is affecting women, but, of course, when men lose a job, women are also affected.
The poorest people in this world have to live on one dollar.
It is up to the Commission to really take account of the environment and not be guided by political opportunism.
We have heard similar words in recent years, for example from US strategists Kissinger and Sam Nunn, who have set out a specific path to a world without nuclear weapons.
With this in mind, I am pleased that, in Paris two days ago, there was agreement on the need for all countries using nuclear installations to implement safety audits in order to assess their capacity to withstand incidents which, up till now, have been considered 'unlikely'.
Conciliatory resolutions and double standards have no place in our relations with Turkey.
Yes, it is true, they tabled a fantastic amendment and then eliminated the best part!
   . – Mr President, today I have just discovered once again that Christian Democrat in one country does not mean the same thing as Christian Democrat in another country, I congratulate you ...
I think the Commissioner might agree with me that we should be using the most modern methods to communicate to investors.
   Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Solana, concerning the situation in the Middle East, what conclusions might we, as Members of the European Parliament, draw one year after the Geneva agreements, which we greeted with hope since the road map was getting bogged down, one year after plenary debates on the application of the association agreement between Israel and the European Union, and a few months after the condemnation of the wall, both by the United Nations Commission on Human Rightsin Geneva and by the International Court of Justice in The Hague?
It is not entirely clear to me how an international independent court will relate to the decisions made by the Security Council.
I understand the opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai, has been released from detention, but he has a fractured skull.
In this matter, the recovery we all want and are aiming for cannot rest on a single idea - the reduction, if not the disappearance of the fishing sector - because fishing is carried out by real people, human beings, family men, and for this reason alone we need to seek and find a balance between the consequences of limitation and means of conservation.
In order to avoid reducing the money allocated to business, however, the French Government is cutting public spending.
A couple can thus be legally divorced in one Member State while at the same time being regarded as married in another.
This is the case, in particular, in Amendment No 28 enshrining the practice of interinstitutional agreements, which are legally doubtful.
Since then our group has discussed the matter and our approach would be not to support that line; not to support the ECU 50m in reserve even, because there is no legal base.
I would also quote what our legal adviser said about why it may not perhaps be possible to publish the list of assistants, legal advisers and members of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market on the Net.
Clearly, as some of you have pointed out, this element will therefore have to be taken into account when adjusting Member States' stability programmes.
10.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (SL) Like the European Parliament, the Council is also concerned about recent events and human rights violations in Tibet.
Clearly, space issues involve a very wide variety of interests and institutions, and the role of the Union and the Commission is not to substitute for these different interests but to help to provide a vision around which they can organize and combine efforts.
in writing. - (FR) I voted for the report by British Member Jean Lambert on the Dublin system, and I applaud the work done by my friend Patrick Gaubert, who was the rapporteur for our PPE Group.
As Germany has now said that it is abandoning nuclear power, it is obvious that the EU will not achieve its targets for cutting emissions, as a consequence of the increased use of fossil energy.
We do not want to see further disintegration.
Mr President, I voted against.
Our draft resolution of Parliament refers to the Council, Foreign Affairs, as well as Development and Cooperation.
The same question comes up time and time again: to what extent is the budget of the European Union examined in order to ascertain which budget lines foster employment?
Do we have to draw attention to our warnings about the Treaty of Amsterdam which, in particular, transferred basic competences to the Community on issues of immigration and increased the powers of the Commission?
This principle inevitably comes into conflict, at least to a certain extent, with the principle of free markets.
Through these programmes, you see, we have brought the European Union to life, allowing many citizens - primarily young people - to meet, swap experiences, come to know others and to become known themselves.
Thank you very much.
Now, this was objected to on the grounds that we in the European Parliament needed to send another very strong signal to Madrid.
If the Union is to demonstrate solidarity and unity in practice, it must respond to the aspirations of its new members on the basis of existing principles.
People are very caught up in this process and we have discussed this on our delegation trips.
One of your vice-chairmen said at a discussion in Vienna that it was quite extraordinary that a Communist could become a member of the European Commission, whereas a Catholic could not, and that, precisely, is what I find extremely problematic in view of the myths that are being generated.
However, this requires an exemption from the stringent EU competition rules in agriculture.
We consequently have an obligation to do everything that can be done to fulfil these expectations.
The third major principle - and I say this, in particular, for Mr Catania's benefit - is that respect for fundamental rights applies in all circumstances.

We must now work to build on these good intentions and this consensus to put in place real improvements in teacher education.
The second case is that of Abu Jamal.
In procedural terms the Council may be right, but that does not produce the best solutions.
All sectors may manufacture, and consumers may purchase, products within a potentially infinite range of sizes.
We are not prepared to dispense with the veto in regard to military cooperation.
Certain significant measures were adopted in relation to Syria.
It is also the first time that an enlargement is not taking place on 1 January of a particular year, but rather later in the year.
   . I welcome this report which completes the requirements for the creation of a European Union solidarity fund.
This time the report has altered considerably and it is important that the trade union movement managed to have an influence on the final outcome.
In conclusion, let me reiterate the risk that we run as a Parliament if we dilute our effort by not concentrating on the main issue and insist on poking our nose into matters which are not our competence.
I would remind members from the new Member States that we sometimes need painstaking effort to establish EU agencies.
Whereas the 2000-2006 Financial Perspective tied rural development funding in with the Structural Funds and cohesion policy, separating it from CAP funding, under the new 2007-2013 Financial Framework they became part of the allocations linked to the CAP.
From Parliament, which is drastically reduced by the absence of many Members who are unable to get here, we call for the urgent adoption of a European action plan of coordination between national governments and bodies and an organised form of protection of the citizens.
Having participated actively in the entire process, I must say that I am particularly pleased with the decision to renew the URBAN programme.
In fact, I know the industry will hate me for saying this, but the logical consequence of the Boeing/McDonnell Douglas merger is that the next step forward should be a link between Airbus and Lockheed Martin.
This is something we shall see; it could become a political question in the future.
There can be no question of diluting that promise, either through a reduction in the commitment as I just explained it, or through a reallocation of the amounts paid in official development assistance for the purposes of combating climate change.
The Danish Government has, for example, indicated its willingness to be associated with the EURODAC regulation, the bankruptcy regulation, the Brussels I and II regulations and the regulation on the notification of documentation in civil and commercial cases.
We completely share the view that the Commission ought to retract its proposal.
We are not impressed by these false rumours, but are continuing to look at the text of the report.
Finally, where e-commerce is concerned, it is extremely important that a framework should be created which ensures that consumers can feel secure in engaging in this form of trade, that commerce within the EU is facilitated and that due attention is paid to the tax issue and to the risks concerning integrity.
The United Kingdom already requires adoptive parents to prove that it was the child's legal parents who gave it up for adoption.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should first like to thank the two rapporteurs for their reports.
Subject: EU-Russia visa regime
We do recognise the need for solidarity, but I think that those who have already had to suffer so much in life should not be punished once again with a harsh climate unless they choose it themselves.
Public environment authorities have a key role to play here and should be properly equipped to put it into effect.
There does not seem to be very good management of Question Time if you entirely blot out one Commissioner.
In order to maintain that position, however, requires industrial choices to be made by the Italian Government – which do not appear to be forthcoming – and a clear commitment of intent at European level.
   – Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by impressing upon us two mottos for the Commission and for our own work.
The creation of intermediate regions is essential for that.
This ecological, social and human disaster, however, requires us to mobilise all the financial means available to the European Union and also the recently created Solidarity Fund.
Given the high number of vacancies, the influx certainly did not increase unemployment in those two sectors.
Hundreds of thousands of people are trafficked in the EU each year for the purposes of, among other things, sexual exploitation, forced labour, the illegal trade in organs and begging.
To our European officials, the Council and the Vice-President/High Representative, I say this: it is disappointing to listen to President Obama, or Hillary Clinton, speaking boldly and on time, with you, as always, playing second fiddle and barely audible.
The Comoros has a strategic position and, according to the rapporteur, a fisheries agreement with this island republic would therefore supplement the EU’s present agreements with third countries.
These quotas need to have a scientific foundation rather than be based on long drawn-out political wrangling, as the focus in fishing must in the first place be on the environment and on a long-term approach, not on short-term labour market policy objectives.
I see it as particularly regrettable that the EU still has a split - not to say distorted - relationship with Cuba, a Caribbean state in relation to which it lets itself be guided more by American interests than by its own.
All of these issues and measures come within the remit of the European Commission.
Sustainable development has to be the watchword.
They have either been exiled to England or, in some cases, lost their jobs completely.
We must stop making immigrants the scapegoats of the crisis, with all the racist and xenophobic drifts which this creates.
These stories no longer make sense, which makes them depressing.
Surveys have been carried out, but the results of these are yet to be confirmed.
In addition, there are numerous flagship initiatives such as Innovation Union, Youth on the Move and An Industrial Policy for the Globalisation Era, to name but a few.
Madam President, I fully support the purpose of the Lefrançois report, but in this context I would just like to use my explanation - having supported it and not being in a position to be able to speak on it - to urge Commissioner Tajani to speed up the ongoing bilateral agreements with other third-country airports' authorities in relation to airport security - which was clamped down on because of the terrorism incidents - particularly bilateral agreements around the whole area of the purchase of duty-free liquids.
What we are actually facing is the need to have a new association agreement that must come into force on 1 March 2000 and I am a little surprised that, at this stage, no decision has yet been taken on the three guidelines, on the three paths that have been sketched out.
This is because a great deal of the waste electronic and electrical equipment in Europe contains precious metals such as gold, platinum, palladium, copper, nickel and others, which can be extracted and reused many times over.
All the EU institutions should take a much closer look at what is really going on, and they must not allow members of the ‘old boy networks’ to pull the wool over their eyes.
However, instead of producing these events which we are condemning, migration must generate social, cultural and economic enrichment.
There is only one way of showing solidarity with Belarus, and that is to demand that the Belorussians themselves be allowed to decide their own future.
Members of Parliament this morning will want me to be specific in respect of a number of points which have been part of discussions which have taken place in recent days and some of which have involved me and some of my colleagues.
We cannot have a repetition of the frustrating situation at Singapore in 1996, of flagrant non-compliance with what was agreed at the 1994 WTO summit in Marrakesh.
The issue of climate change and the European Union's preparations for the Bali Conference have been a recurring theme during these monthly sessions that I have attended.
The clearest proof of the type of security being promoted is provided by the Amsterdam Treaty itself, the incorporation of the Schengen acquis, the creation of a Community prosecution service and the keeping of records on citizens' political convictions, ideological stance, trade union activity and love life.
That is my view but my actual question is this: when will the next decisions be taken?
At least we want to wait for the Commission's reflections on the desirability and feasibility of a framework directive on SGIs before we insist on such a proposal.
And, in direct response, I shall reply to him that what we are dealing with is a major enlargement, not a minor adjustment.
Whatever could be the explanation?
Furthermore, the European Parliament recently agreed that EU institutions should be able to adopt effective measures to combat terrorism, particularly as regards search and capture orders within Europe.
Our undertaking, Commissioner, can and must be to prevent this country from swinging towards fundamentalism and a new authoritarian regime.
The scientific evidence gathered mainly from necropsies on stranded whales is becoming increasingly stronger and more enlightening and it is convincing to most scientists, and it certainly satisfies our precautionary principle.
That, at any rate, is the view of many people, and that is the personal view I would express in my own group.
Loyalty is not built on citizenship alone, but also on common values.
Commercially, the most important catches are sand eel (38 %), herring (13 %), Norway pout (10 %), sole, haddock, saithe, whiting (8 %), sprat (7 %), horse mackerel (4 %) and plaice (3 %).
We also expect declarations which make clear that there is a clear commitment from the Commission for the alignment of the remaining part of the acquis communautaire.
As regards on-call time, I would say to the Council that this must be recognised as working time as a general rule.
The answer is 'no', because we have no indication or information which points in that direction.
The vote will take place on Thursday 24 May.
Certainly not through creative accounting.
But the situation has changed since the Essen Council took its decision, and several countries have already proposed substantial changes, or at least variations, dictated by political, economic, social or financial changes in those countries.
   . We voted against this motion for a resolution, because it emphasises support for the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe.
One aspect concerns an amendment tabled by my colleague, José Manuel García-Margallo y Marfil on the numbering of invoices.
Finally, I should like to say that, with all due respect, in many individual cases we have been able to get people out of prison and to talk about them.
This is demanded of us by our obligations under the Treaty.
So, for example, such people as Jacek Sobala, Anita Gargas, Jacek Karnowski and Wojciech Leszczyński have lost their jobs.
Europe has a great deal going for it.
When I picked up the agenda and read the phrase 'Year of Lifelong Learning' it seemed to me that this was an oxymoron similar to the phrase 'military intelligence' .
It is difficult to know whether the persistent presence of coalition troops under these conditions is a help or a hindrance in the restoration of normality.
   You cannot inform the House which Member States are opposing the inclusion of these three companies?
It still have not replied to that.
That was not my proposal. Rather, it came from elsewhere.
The Scientific Steering Committee has also recommended the progressive replacement of the remaining four antibiotics by non-antimicrobial alternative products.
I would point out here that every Member State is at liberty to designate an intermediary body responsible for implementing the accompanying measures.
However, it is just as certain that it is our responsibility, here in the European Parliament, not to allow texts to be adopted which are totally bereft of substance and which contain no innovations whatsoever.
It is really quite straightforward, because the committee presented and approved this table, not the one that was submitted by the PPE.
It is very much to your credit that you have stood up for it so clearly.
At this rate, Europe will soon be able to set an example when it comes to transiting defence products, which is desperately needed.
I am therefore pleased with Mr Cunha's proposals that we should ultimately aim for decoupling production aid.
We need to complete the internal market.
You said that there are no objections of an ethical nature, but that you will study the question of the field of protection for inventions.
Retain the rotating Presidency so that each country has six months in which to pull out all the stops.
This eliminates one of Maastricht's important weaknesses, which we had repeatedly criticized severely.
Governments that enjoy strong support can afford to be decisive in the international arena.
Mr President, Commissioner, since the outset, Europe - well, what we call Europe in actual fact means the quasi-State, which passes legislation in Brussels and occasionally in Strasbourg, which hands down justice in Luxembourg and which produces currency in Frankfurt - is desperately seeking some legitimacy, a lack of which means its existence is in question.
A definite positive point of the report is that it avoids the simplification that comes to mind straight away, because it is indisputable that due to their biological characteristics, women view the value of life differently.
As I said, the process must be allowed to go ahead.
This draft regulation is currently going through the adoption procedure in the institutions.
Like the rapporteur, our group rejects this agreement.
I will say that, in pursuing this, I believe that the European Parliament and those Members of Parliament who have taken a particular interest in it have done a signal public service.
As the honourable Member says in his question, the Court of Justice of the European Communities on 13 September 2005, however, overturned the Council Framework Decision of 27 January 2003 on the protection of the environment through criminal law.
EU relations with South Caucasus
author. - Mr President, Commissioner, in recent years Burma has regularly been on the EU's human rights agenda.
We were able to ascertain – as confirmed by an investigative report by the biggest Italian weekly paper – that human rights are being systematically violated on Lampedusa.
Efforts to create a level playing field in enforcement are welcome.
These are dangerous times.
The answer to crime is not encouraging xenophobia, discrimination and stigmatisation of nationalities or ethnic origins.
A new era is on the way.
We must remember that, before a state can join the Union, the human rights situation in respect of those living there obviously has to be impeccable.
Mr President, we cannot and must not miss this opportunity to encourage the people of Guinea to take the democratic path or the opportunity it represents for its youth, since, in an environment of increasing poverty and inequality, the failure of democracy leads to a spiral of violence and repression, which in turn ends in an armed conflict which is often promoted from outside.
Even if we succeed in this we have a further difficulty.
It would be in order for all of us here to recognise that we are concerned about people and that is why we take the position that we take.
It should not be the case that we confront the economy and demand a deadline for the migration, but do not take the initiative to remove the resistance that the payment service providers are obviously not in the position to overcome single-handedly.
It seems to me to be extremely important that 2003 be declared European Year of Disabled Citizens.
This body would monitor compliance with the environmental conditions on a continuous basis and be able to impose fines or other penalties in the event of violations in accordance with 'the polluter pays' principle.
It would also enable European consumers to know exactly which country the goods they buy come from.
First of all, concerning the substance.
Five countries walked away from an agreement which everybody needed but none of them wanted enough.
Mr President, I would like to make it clear that I supported draft Amendments 732 and 733 and it is a pity that this House did not support them.
In fact, we are already benefiting from this.
It will have to concern itself with military capability, in terms of armaments and equipment, but also – and it is my turn to be emphatic – with research, which is a vital sector, to say the least, but one that has been rather neglected, not only by the European Union but also by its Member States.
Question No 28 by Myrsini Zorba (H-0342/02):
Therefore, our committee unanimously adopted a series of recommendations, which were all taken over by the rapporteur. They are aimed precisely at preventing a situation whereby membership of the European Union is a handicap for our ultraperipheral territories.
Mr Telkämper, your remark will be taken into account and conveyed to the Committee on the Rules of Procedure.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I regard the referendum on 23 March as a first step in attempting to stabilise the situation in Chechnya.
We should naturally prefer stability, so that both decoupled and coupled aid as well as rural development come under the 1st pillar, and would be within the scope of the national envelope as covered by Annex VIII to Council Regulation (EC) No 1782/2003, according to which Member States would be allowed flexibility in the enforcement of this Regulation.
That is equivalent to EUR 2.3 million per MEP per year, EUR 200 000 per month and a staggering EUR 6 400 per MEP per day; and there are 736 MEPs in this House.
   – Mr President-in-Office of the Council, a very warm welcome to you, and I would like to ask you whether the Council is giving consideration to how much more is to be invested in research and development in this specific area.
Secondly, no expenditure, such as public investments or research funding, should be automatically excluded from public expenditure: these exceptions would provide an opportunity for Member States to interpret them in a very innovative way.
In essence, the Commission proposal puts the labour market at the mercy of liberalisation.
I welcome these efforts and look forward to further progress in this regard.
The reports before us today are commendable for their coverage, but they sometimes stray into areas best avoided.
11.
Millions of people in Europe have bought vitamins and minerals of their choice.
This is about more competition, along with transparency, pricing, and protection for consumers.
In addition, I would now like to highlight several points that are new in these proposals for amendments.
It was heartening to us, as Parliament, to have representatives from no less than three DGs of the Commission present at the conciliation and working together.
But I am saying to the Commission and to the Council: this is not nearly enough.
There are 80 million citizens in Europe living below the poverty line.
With the experience which has already been accumulated and dealing with the challenges thrown up by the constant development of technology and industry, cooperation is extending its horizons, in order to include key-sectors such as services, investment, intellectual property, telecommunications and the information society.
However, the Court is merely doing its job, because we legislators are not doing our own sufficiently well.
We in Parliament can certainly hope that other Member States will unite in this effort.
No one will have any doubt which is the side of law, freedom and democracy.
At the same time, however, I think it is important that a review of the sugar reforms should also include measures to make the sugar industry more competitive.
It is one that I support wholeheartedly and has been much heralded as a main EU priority.
This is a position the EU must retain in the future too.
We want everyone to do that and we want that to happen now.
So there is no easy answer.
That is what is at stake.
the recommendation from the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the agreement between the European Union and Georgia on the readmission of persons residing without authorisation (15507/2010 - C7-0392/2010 - 2010/0108(NLE)) (Rapporteur: Nathalie Griesbeck),
The EU Presidency cannot absolve you from criticism; moreover, you should lead by example in adhering to the fundamental values of the EU.
This was one of the reasons why the Dutch presidency felt it important to have further discussions on a number of topics arising from the White Paper during its period in office.
I have aimed for conciliation solutions as far as possible, and this has now been achieved.
One of the things that struck me when I cast my mind back is the importance some groups attach to a certain percentage of payment credits.
However, the European Union must be more than just a free internal market with a single currency.
All political decisions come at a price, and if Europe wants credibility, it has to take responsibility for its political decisions, whether they concern the financial crisis or its institutions.
European sugar prices currently stand at nearly three times the world price, and these artificially high prices must be reduced.
The question regarding age limit has not been touched upon during the preparatory work carried out to establish this office.
That concludes the explanations of vote.
This mechanism is vitally important for Europe as a whole, but in particular for Portugal, a country that is devastated every year by droughts and fires, which fall under the proposed mechanism.
The Socialist Group has tabled amendments proposing both quantitative and qualitative safeguard clauses in order to contain the risks to investors.
We cannot be left behind and we must regulate here in Europe as well the possibility of registering computer-implemented inventions as patents.
The recast of the Financial Regulation is a highly comprehensive undertaking, on which the Court of Auditors gave its opinion in quick order and was of great help to the Commission, not only with the adoption of a formal position, but also with the many meetings on technical and administrative matters.
Madam President, the Commission can accept certain of the amendments which improve the proposal but do not alter the basic approach.
As regards the need, Madam President, it is obvious.
Lastly, duty free is another area affected by these regulations.
That, in my opinion, is only right, and they say it will be a way of revising the basic social structures.
I voted against the Brejc report for the very reasons that some of my colleagues have outlined.
These rules must be changed as soon as possible, particularly when it comes to reports that deal with complaints from European citizens.
I have received seven motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to Rule 37(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
I hope this was only the gentleness of the first wave, because I am absolutely convinced that the Commission, and probably also the Council, must take a firmer approach to those Member States which are in fact not matching up to their plans, ideas and objectives.
In this respect, the cohesion policy, along with the common agricultural policy, is a priority area in view of the negotiations on the new post-2013 European Union budget.
The question of additionality in some cases could put pressure on Member States to overspend.
To my mind, this also begs the question of how these two priorities relate to one another.
Mr President, the directive now before us forms part of a whole area of legislation to promote the use of renewable energy sources in different sectors, and therefore represents some of the several and various measures to implement the Community strategy for sustainable development adopted at the Gothenburg European Council in June 2001.
(The President cut the speaker off)
My question is clear: given the need for the development of the trans-European networks and for the completion of the single market for mobility and everything you spoke of, can these objectives be achieved with EUR 7 billion?
Everything that we are now considering was discussed thoroughly and in detail by the Convention, and after an in-depth discussion a decision was taken which we are convinced everyone can live with.
It will provide the opportunity to indicate good intentions at a symbolic level, but on a practical level very little will happen.
One of these amendments, which I should like to focus on, which would enter into force in the 2009 elections, is in line with one of the most prudent studies produced by the Spanish Government and sent to Parliament and the Council.
This is why I should very much like to advise the German Presidency to work hand in hand with this interinstitutional working party that is being introduced, and, in particular, to look at what can be coordinated macro-economically at European level.
I therefore voted against paragraph 28, the ambiguous wording of which might cause it to be thought that, at the expense of innovative SMEs in the sector and to the benefit of the American multinationals wishing to perpetuate their dominant position, Parliament was going back on the position it had adopted in the framework of studying the draft Directive on the patentability of software.
During my own last visit to Hong Kong I stated publicly that Hong Kong would earn credit at little cost by announcing as early as possible that it intends to introduce universal suffrage by a reasonable and specified date in the future.
It is vital for free, democratic elections to be organised as soon as possible so that legitimate constitutional order can be established and the country's reconstruction can get under way.
Neither laissez-faire nor protectionism, but a diverse and shared energy policy and one of solidarity for Europe and the world – that must be our role.
That is mistaken for a number of reasons.
The limits on communitarisation imposed by the principle of subsidiarity should therefore be kept in mind.
Furthermore, more venture capital is needed to establish companies.
There are many other useful measures in addition to these.
We must remember that when the Treaty of Amsterdam is ratified and comes into force it will have an employment chapter.
But we are lacking in commitment to the right to self-determination on the part of the Palestinians.
I am not suggesting that, but I believe that protection can best be accorded by an agreement between the two sides of the fishing and fresh fish processing industry.
In view of this fact, the point of this harmonisation is highly dubious, to say the least.
This is a convincing example of solidarity.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to thank Mrs Liotard, the Hungarian Presidency and Commissioner Dalli and his team for their efforts.
I can therefore do no other than vote against both these dossiers.
Unfortunately, however, much too much is made of this subject of abuse.
The new rules on cabotage will come into force six months after the regulation is published in the Official Journal.
You cannot find as much as a doll which is manufactured in a European factory.
It is for that reason that I have voted in favour of this report.
We cannot at present quantify the actual size of the loss which tourism in the European Union has suffered as a result of this negligence - and here I am choosing my words carefully.
Written statements (Rule 149)
We asked Commissioner Schreyer to appear before this House to discuss the reports and the action we are taking.
The Italian authorities themselves have recently taken a similar position while committing themselves to proposing solutions which could at the same time meet the requirements for development of the project and the need to comply with Community law.
Yet it has also become clear that the opposition will not enter parliament in the short term.
   We read that the German foreign minister wants to table in the Council a proposal to bring about common values by creating closer, long-term networks between the EU and Russia.
The next step will be to reform the basis of the banking system at Union level.
Then it is clear that the three requirements, on the one hand to work together with Parliament to assist this transition, and on the other not to slow down initiatives that are ready for action and on which there is consensus, and at the same time not to anticipate what the Treaty of Lisbon will say or do when it comes into force, must all be kept in mind.
May I say that I take a somewhat different view on this matter, despite standing politically to the left of the rapporteur.
This is a very important aspect that should be transferred to agreements with ACP countries as it is much more equitable.
This is a totally false assessment and we face some very painful days ahead.
The demonstrations of joy just two months ago now seem to ignore the fact that we are managing a common area.
We cannot go along with that.
No one has the right to take another life, no one at all and I will never defend anyone for doing so.
Already in 2007, a third of Europeans lived in regions in which water resources were limited, according to the European Environment Agency.
The Netherlands has shown the way here.
This report follows the agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Iceland, the Kingdom of Norway, the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein on supplementary rules in relation to the External Borders Fund for the period 2007-2013.
Unlike all European Union Member States, Pakistan is not a party to the Treaty on the Non-proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and does not have a full-scope safeguards agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency.
We therefore need to constantly strengthen and improve European disaster management resources, which have now clearly proven their added value.
It is always a pleasant experience for group chairmen to get their mandate renewed for another two and a half years; I cannot, at present, say what my fate is going to be, but I rejoice all the more in the re-election of my counterparts.
This will enable all third-country nationals living legally in the Schengen area to be identified in the same way.
Accordingly, it is fitting that the passing of such a sporting colossus should be noted in this international parliament.
However, unlike SWIFT, there were definitely good reasons for this postponement.
We recognise that Mr Barroso has the qualities needed to fulfil his duties and that he broadly shares our views on the Lisbon Strategy and on transatlantic relations and we also recognise that his Commission, on balance, shares his approach.
We need to send out a very strong message from this House today both to Nigeria and to any other country in which crimes are being committed against women because, as we know from the press, sentences of death by stoning are also passed in Iran.
The environmental sector could bring about the creation of new jobs and thereby contribute to increased employment.
Our credibility, and that of the Quartet and the UN, is at stake.
I believe that we must finally give the citizens of Europe an effective means of ridding themselves of this problem.
In particular, he asked for the agreement of this House to applying the urgency procedure in order to support Slovenia's efforts to catch up with the other associated countries in their pre-accession strategies.
It is unfortunate that investments and environmental issues could not yet be put on the negotiations' agenda; they will be on it in two years' time at the earliest.
Member States felt that it would be inappropriate to create the possibility of being taken to the Court of Justice on the grounds of non-achievement of the prescribed levels of savings.
The vote will take place today at 11 a.m.
Paragraphs 2 and 3 of the resolution demand, within the context of the new agreement, that working methods should be developed and optimised.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council and Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, have the courage to tell the other 26 Heads of State what you say in private at home.
I had my speech prepared, but having heard the reply which the Commissioner has just given us and the words of Mr Jové in his presentation, I believe that I am going to forget my notes and try to improvise in reply to the Commissioner' s response.
I therefore wish to request the Bureau to notify me formally which article in the Rules of Procedure formed the basis for this morning's decision.
I consider it self-evident and indispensable that the European Union increase its humanitarian aid for the people of this region.
Therefore, in terms of counting on public-private partnerships, which is what systematically happens when we talk about low-carbon technologies, we surely have one certainty: not knowing where the money comes from and knowing that there are public-private partnerships, we know, from the outset, who will pay.
It lends weight to Parliament's argument that the compulsory side of the budget should disappear.
Is there any means of guaranteeing that all future citizens of the EU receive an education?
in writing. - The EPLP wishes to see the Single European Payment area a success.
We have to remember our solidarity and allow other areas to do the same in the future.
Safety, decisive action and accountability are the three benchmarks for my group.
I do not want this to be a coup d'état.
I was interested when the previous speaker was talking about their own country, about the reservations that they had, and they were talking about the 0.7% GDP and the Tobin Tax.
I repeat what the President said at the start of the sitting: the Council has announced - albeit with regret - that it is unable to attend because of duties connected with the preparation of the European Council meeting in Berlin.
However, as there is a possibility that restrictions on the import of alcoholic beverages into the Nordic countries may be considerably relaxed, we must inject more urgency into the debate on taxation of alcohol in the EU Member States.
I agree with many of the ideas in the six points that Mr Verhofstadt mentioned, which he included in a letter to the President of the European Commission and to the President of the European Investment Bank.
There is no doubt that the European delegation was full of good intentions and spared no effort. The question therefore arises as to whether the very framework and terms of reference of organisations of this kind are the reasons why things are going wrong.
That is why we are insisting that the UN's conventions on refugees should apply in all situations, even in the EU.
All in all, we are aware that not all wishes could be satisfied in the negotiations, but these positive aspects that we were able to achieve in the negotiations thanks to Parliament's strength should lead to the desired positive effects.
Another public conference will be organised on 22 March in Brussels.
Environmental taxes and charges
The Commission's proposals for the sector of agriculture and rural development are part of a package, and I welcome the fact that this is also how the European Parliament sees it.
Now, though, I await expectantly the Commission's financial and administrative framework, as called for in the report.
Children, orphaned, lost, have no possibility of education or a decent future.
A basis for this is also found in Amendment 38, where we make clear once more - even though this is already stated in the text - that, naturally, only law that is really in keeping with the principles of the European Union and of the Charter of Fundamental Rights should be applied in the Member States, as that goes without saying as far as we are concerned.
How is this justifiable if it appears, year after year, that the money is not spent properly?
I thank the rapporteurs again and hope that we can get a final decision in the near future.
We are therefore coming to the conclusion that the new social package will have a limited effect on the lives of European citizens.
Regional instability and military conflicts, in which more than one country is taking part, particularly the savage situation in Darfur, show that a special crisis management model is needed for the Horn of Africa, which would include the elimination of military conflict hotspots and the creation of peaceful economic, social and political life.
The European Union operates under a system known as IAS, which is the International Accountancy Standards system. Meanwhile, the American business community operates under the GAAP accountancy structure.
We must not be afraid of negative repercussions on the budget, because look at what a lowering of VAT did for the ornamental plant growers: in my country, sales rose, earning an extra 340 million for the Treasury.
Some measures need not cost more: if you do development planning and poverty reduction strategies taking into account the adverse effects of climate change at the beginning, you may not end up with increased costs.
In order to do that, the diplomatic convocation and activation of the Member States of the United Nations Human Rights Council must be in full swing in order to get missions, reports and resolutions so that the politicians responsible get an assurance that these acts of violence will not remain unpunished.
In this type of dispute, we are in favour of defining a minimum standard, or in favour of speeding up the ratification of the Strasbourg Convention of 24 November 1983.
Mrs Thors asked for exceptions on very short trips.
Mr President, you have presented a work programme for the rest of the term of this Parliament and of your Commission, and I would like to say that the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats will be happy to follow the main principles of this programme.
This includes welfare, accommodation etc.
We need to see active implementation on strategic environmental assessment with an eye to climate change and to use this as a tool for assessment of policy at European level, especially external aid as well as policy here in the European Union.
Mr President, the President-in-Office uplifted us this morning.
Even if you take the highest estimate, if you aggregate that estimate down to the cost per bird, you are talking about one British penny per bird.
Even though this report is only an appeal rather than being legally binding, it could be misused to put certain countries in the dock, to whip up sentiment against them and to mount campaigns calling on consumers to boycott goods from them.
If we want to be credible partners in the eyes of developing countries, therefore, and if we want to bridge the shocking gulf between living conditions in the two hemispheres, both the EU and the United States must, above and beyond attaining the Monterrey and Johannesburg objectives, take advantage of the next round of WTO negotiations, due to take place in Cancun, to move towards the abolition of trade barriers and the gradual removal of agricultural and energy subsidies.
I support this, without changing even a single parameter.
Compliance with it must not be an excuse to interfere in the development of the great areas of expenditure of the Union's budget, but it must be another incentive to improve its implementation.
(PT) Mr President, there are some crucial decisions to be made within the extremely tight limits of the Union budget, which the overlords of the EU do not seem willing to change, thus blocking any prospect of real convergence and cohesion.
I would like to thank the EIB, my colleague, Mr Ivailo Kalfin and all the rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation.
These huge corporations can pollute, ruin the livelihoods of thousands of people who earn a living from the sea or, like AZF, be responsible for manslaughter through negligence without even being called to account.
Whatever the case, it is, in actual fact, following the double disaster of the Erika and the Prestige that it appears necessary to take stock of the relevance of the measures adopted, of the initiatives taken by the Member States and regions affected by the oil slicks, of the issues of liability and compensation and, above all, of the persistent gaps in international law concerning ships in transit outside territorial waters.
So I shall be very brief, but there are individual points which must be mentioned.
   It is clear that the EU is facing new competitive challenges on the world market, challenges which cause anxiety and uncertainty for our industry, our workers and our consumers.
Nonetheless, it must be clearly understood that UKIP reserves the right to participate in a European political party so that it, too, might benefit from those taxpayers' money, the better to represent the many millions of Britons and other people across the continent who oppose the European Union and all its works and whose voice is stifled by the ruling political class.
There is a lack of political will to ensure at least fair local elections and conditions for the functioning of local authorities.
In this context, the pre-accession instrument for structural policies for the applicant states, in short ISPA, represents an important link between countries within and outside the Union by giving support to the applicant countries for urgently needed investment and gradually bringing them into line with the methods of operation and mechanisms of European structural policy.
(BG) The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon should entail greater transparency, greater democracy and greater effectiveness for the decision-making process.
The regulation has put about 15 pence on a dozen eggs.
Without high-standard legislation, a more efficient decision-making mechanism and a stronger role of Parliament, the European Union may not only lose its efficiency, but its ability to function, as well.
This will require flexibility on all sides, including the European Parliament.
We believe that the Bourlanges/De Giovanni report is unacceptable.
   – Mr President, Europe is a bicycle.
   – Madam President, the EU has been pursuing an unfair trade policy for many years.
The fact is that the European Commission took the Member States as its point of departure in its communication. I did the same in my report.
Kenya (vote)
This alternative is therefore already in place, and it works.
If you decide to send a letter to the Cambodian authorities, however, I should like to ask you to underline this episode in particular but also to refer to the overall situation.
I am very happy about the way that the vote has gone.
The discussions on the substance will come later, during the May and June part-sessions.
These vessels do not respect any standards whatsoever, be it in terms of conservation, safety or on how they work. This is what allows them to fish in any circumstances and to lower prices to the point where they are jeopardizing the future of many businesses that do respect international standards.
Progress will only be made if it is agreed that it is a truly international city to which all traditions have a valid claim.
For Portugal, a country which has historic links with the sea, and which in recent years has been in the vanguard, together with a few other small States, of the fight to establish specific international rules protecting the irreplaceable heritage of the oceans, this act of adhesion by the European Community is of great symbolic importance.
A few days ago, the shipwreck of another boat off the coast of Sicily claimed the lives of 36 third-country nationals.
With regard to the poverty of older people, this is a very complex subject, on which we have to work in the fields of employment, social services and social protection, and this leads me to the campaign next year on active ageing, which will be supported by policies in the areas of healthcare and preserving health, and lifelong learning, because we believe that the biggest progress we can make in terms of the living conditions and social inclusion of older people will be in enhancing participation in the labour market.
The actual aim of this resolution is to condemn the Soviet Union.
Mr President, our Group firmly supports the short resolution tabled by the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party, which largely goes back to a proposal on our part, because we want to see threefold solidarity: solidarity with the people of Chechnya, which is still imminently threatened with genocide, because that is what all this is about, together with energy interests.
What is the situation, President-in-Office?
Human rights are being violated there, torture is the order of the day, and we have even discovered recently that 60 children have been unlawfully held in Guantánamo.
Firstly, we take the view that any banking supervision law must, in the final analysis, serve to protect creditors, by which is meant savers, and ensure the functioning of the financial market, and, secondly, as we in the EU are endeavouring to create an internal market for financial services, transposition should be by means of a directive that leaves room for special rules at the national level only when, in really objective terms, there are special circumstances.
It is a very important point and we have to think about it for the first time.
I would therefore ask you to look very carefully at what is being taught in Palestinian schools and in the refugee camps through the UNWRA.
Angola's fishing industry is extremely interesting.
The EU's chances of making an effective contribution to the process are bolstered by the Union's Special Representative, who participates in resolving the Transnistrian conflict in accordance with agreed EU policy objectives and in close coordination with the OSCE.
That is why we have to make sure there are positive outcomes from the G20 Employment Ministers' meeting, the first to be called, as has just been mentioned.
Never mind the 20 % spoken about by the previous speaker, we are sending back ECU 2.27 billion which we could apply to the needs of the 80 %, the 5 million European farmers, whose income is only half the average industrial wage. I agree with Mr Kofoed.
I also recognise and appreciate the Commission’s efforts to persuade the Council to take this Treaty down the assent procedure route instead of, as it were, slipping it through on the nod.
I believe that this is a good rule for defending not only the market, competition and growth, but also the rights of workers in the European Union.
Of course taxation is here to stay – we tax many things in terms of economic activity as a whole, and so, logically, I would say that this discussion is not so strange.
After the most recent enlargement, the European Union needs a determined and flexible neighbourhood policy more than ever.
I think we also need to be clear that this coordination is not intended to undermine national systems and open them up to market forces - as I think we are beginning to see, particularly in the health sphere at the moment.
The European Parliament is using the motion for a resolution it has adopted to draw attention to the fact that there are still unacceptable disparities across Europe in terms of cancer screening and treatment.
I believe that it is essential to establish a low-carbon economy, in which each Member State is of course free to choose the energy sources it wishes to use.
They will show that the major global players too take this issue seriously and are prepared to assume their responsibilities.
We lament, do we not, the ubiquitous reawakening of nationalist tendencies, especially among young people.
I ask you not to doubt the truth of what I am telling you.
We need people to spend and to invest and there just are no credit lines available.
The intention is not only to increase the number of data categories that will be included, that is, new objects and functions, but also to increase the capacity to process this information, to interlink alerts, to modify the duration of the alerts, and to store and transfer biometric data, especially photographs and fingerprints.
Announcements by the President
The question of the decommissioning of weapons in Northern Ireland is a very delicate and deeply sensitive question.
Meanwhile, some of the 'Chernobyl victims', the around 8 million Ukrainians who receive allowances which are, in any case, too low to live on, will not consider returning for fear of losing this meagre compensation.
The aim is that the internalisation systems are allowed but not to the detriment of markets and other market participants.
Secondly, I must tell you that enlargement has been a priority for our Presidency, and it will continue to be one for the Seville European Council, and we therefore hope we can draw some conclusions to further this process.
This third reading stage it is not the end of the journey, but it is a very significant point on that road towards the protection of human health and the enhancement of animal welfare.
In principle, I should like to say that the compromise already worked out by the Commission, the Council and Parliament has produced satisfactory results as far as I can see.
Mrs Morgantini referred to a Copernican change in at least 59 counties that had quotas with the European Union. This has resulted in a redistribution of world trade, with implications for employment and economic activity the world over, not only as regards the European Union or the United States, but also within the European Union itself.
It is also important that the Commission - should it have to be given new areas of work - does not embark on extensive inquiries which create bureaucracy for national authorities.
Secondly, the question of the primary sector, which is certainly not fully covered by the regulation but which is regulated to some extent.
All vehicles within the European Union must now be fully recyclable by the year 2015.
The first responsibility for combating terrorism lies with the national governments and the independent Member States.
We are genuinely very pleased with the momentum that last Monday's action plan was able to give to this work.
It made a decision for 1996, that is exactly what it did in the judgement, which it suffices to read.
That is what we must all achieve together.
In any case, it is time we decided, once and for all, whether we should always carry out research into everything using animal experiments.
No economic policy without this objective is possible.
I urge you all to join us in voting for sound science and sound sense.
Access to health services for all citizens, be they from the EU or immigrants with or without papers, is one of the basic human rights.
In fact we can actually deliver!
He said that the Swedish Government is offending against the internal market and that he intended to take action against the Swedish Government when the case was dealt with by the Court.
The Council is deaf to the expectations of the people.
This Parliament has described itself as a guarantor of freedom, democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights.
I shall start with the immediate challenges and the crisis response.
The Commission is actively working with the professional associations, like CLECAT and CONFIAD, listening to their concerns and trying to find a satisfactory solution.
Why?
As the Italian Prime Minister who promoted and approved the Stability and Growth Pact and led the country into the single currency, and now as President of the Commission, I am a committed, firm believer in the value of the rules that underpin Economic and Monetary Union and the Stability and Growth Pact.
Finally, we had to prepare for Hong Kong in order to be able to defend our sugar sector, and we therefore needed to know what we had to defend.
Some people speak of hypocrisy.
The June List is fundamentally sympathetic towards the country of origin principle and supports the idea of removing the barriers to the functioning of the internal market.
There is agreement to implement the framework directive permitting the freezing of criminal assets within the Union.
Above all, we must not forget that many of our national languages are themselves threatened.
I should like to begin where Ms Gill left off, first of all by congratulating her on her maiden speech in this House.
I am gratified to hear it.
It is my belief that, in the event of such a procedure, Parliament would need a great deal of public credibility and so, contrary to what the Commission proposes, it is not a separate procedure that such circumstances require, but the absolute openness of all procedures, which the possibility of sanctions makes all the more necessary.
I would like to state that it makes an outstanding basis for the deliberations that are now to take place at the Intergovernmental Conference.
I want to thank him for having taken the lid off this area and for having found an appropriate balance in the report.
Investment in energy infrastructures is one of the means available to Europe for tackling the economic crisis.
As for the roads, I should also add that a programme has been established already, to the tune of 30 million ECU, which is to be signed very soon, and the first stage has already been agreed by the Moroccan Government.
Our health behaviour and diet are influenced by our social environment.
As you know, real progress has been made under the French Presidency in the areas of non-discrimination and inclusion and, in this context, it has been possible to take account of the situation of the Roma, not least within the package on the Social Agenda, as it was presented by Commissioner Špidla on 2 July.
   – Mr President, first of all I believe that we need to express our gratitude to the members of the Convention on the Future of Europe who prepared this Constitution and, at the same time, to congratulate the heads of the Member States who signed the Constitution on 29 October 2004.
Commissioner Diamantopoulou, whom I would like to thank for the clarity of her statement, spoke of intelligent restructuring.
This is an excellent reform. It will increase the budget's information value and facilitate its monitoring.
The next item is the interim report (A4-0043/97) by Mr Mulder, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the postponement of the discharge to be given to the Commission in respect of the clearance of the accounts of the Guarantee Section of the EAGGF for the 1992 financial year (com(96)0417 - C4-0259/96).
Mr President, the reform of the common fisheries policy after 2002 is aimed at strengthening and supporting this many-faceted, useful and valuable sector.
In 2011, there will be no point in still fussing about what we wanted to do in 2008, or what we should have done in 2008.
Subject: Misapplication of the Acquired Rights Directive with respect to British lecturers
Let us discuss that in the context of the quality paper that is actually on the table at the moment.
However, we also need to take action in economic terms, with observatories that are capable of monitoring the use of the aid that we are giving out.
The European Parliamentary Labour Party welcomes much of the Barros Moura report, and the attention it pays to the political consequences of Economic and Monetary Union.
As I said earlier - and I close on this - we must earn the consent of today's generation of Europeans.
In 2007, Parliament's Committee on Culture and Education initiated a study to analyse the academic and professional careers of former pupils of the European Schools, as the honourable Member just mentioned.
Yes, but with a triple A rating. Moreover, we in the Committee on Budgetary Control have been saying for years that you should be subject to prudential regulatory supervision.
The European Union cannot, and must not, tolerate these infringements any longer.
It is within living memory that we have had to fight the battle of the Atlantic and we have had to live on a knife-edge for freedom because continental countries seem to find it impossible to live together.
I would at this point again like to point out that one of the Austrian Presidency’s priorities is to reaffirm that European perspective by focussing on the Balkans during the six months of the Austrian Presidency; the countries of the Western Balkans must have the opportunity of joining the European Union if the conditions for that are satisfied.
Perhaps it would also be appropriate, Mr President-in-Office, to consider a permanent working party linking Council, Commission and Parliament services, thus anticipating, on an occasion like this, the creation of the crisis detection unit on which Parliament has already given its own verdict.
The whole committee wanted to express solidarity with the victims of this terrible disease and their families.
We will continue to pursue this issue vigorously with the overall objective of achieving a high level of protection for our GIs.
In addition, the coastlines, which are long in relation to these countries' total area, favour salinification and the redeployment of land use for housing development.
Along with the majority of the judicial committee we think that the directive must cover these situations, in the interests of the consumers, in the interest of those insured, but also to guarantee the equality of operators, in particular the cooperative societies in view of the European law.
We do not want additional immigration from third countries, not even from non-European candidate countries like Turkey, an Asiatic and Muslim country that we refuse to see joining the European Union.
In some ways, I have not been campaigning for two and a half months; I have in fact been trying to carry out reform and introduce more pluralism and openness into our Assembly for two and a half years now.
However, at its meeting of 29 January 2004 to launch the European Year of Education through Sport, the troika of education and sports ministers stressed the importance of the Olympic truce.
I am thinking in particular, as you said, Mr Rovsing, of firebreak areas.
However, we still had to devote ourselves to drawing up treaties and putting in place regulations covering an almost endless number of problems.
From a budgetary point of view, the report proposes certain innovations which, after discussion in our parliamentary committee, have been accepted by all the political groups in that committee.
in writing. - The Treaty of Lisbon, which entered into force on 1 December 2009, extended the circumstances in which Parliament's consent was required for the conclusion of an international agreement.
I do not see anyone.
The increase in the European Union medium-term financial assistance mechanism to EUR 50 billion is the response that is needed to the current situation.
Parliament expressed two expectations in this letter: inclusion of our position in the negotiation mandate for a permanent agreement, and also full information for Parliament during future negotiations.
Amendment 832 should, therefore, be adjusted accordingly.
However, it is true that there are still differences between Member States regarding recognising international protection, and that is a real problem.
The fact is that we must improve many things in this area, primarily for the development of small and medium companies and their access to finances and research infrastructure.
You do not need to ask it again.
The ever greater care taken over security in our airports has brought progressively more costs, for which passengers have been footing the bill.
I agree with the rapporteur that small enterprises are an essential source of growth, employment, entrepreneurial skills, innovation and cohesion in the EU.
However, a treaty such as this is not a project, but a tool, a toolbox to serve the European project, and it is therefore up to the men and women who manage the institutions - the Commission, its president, the Council - and to us here to make good use of these tools in the future, at the end of a transition period that has been long, too long.
Mr President, the first EC-Israel Free Trade Agreement was signed in 1975 and for 20 years the location of exported products was never questioned.
In addition to our continued support for China’s internal reform process, I think we should also focus on four basic priorities: first, we need a greater balance in our bilateral relations, whether described as reciprocity, equality or mutual benefit.
It also raises interinstitutional distrust and we are all concerned by this situation.
More broadly, following a bilateral meeting between Commissioner Almunia and the Indian Finance Minister, the launch of regular macroeconomic dialogue has been proposed.
The debated proposal to support economic recovery through Community financial assistance for projects in the energy sector is part of a European economic recovery plan which envisages allocating an overall sum of EUR 30 billion.
We have Members elected on the basis of a similar electorate, we have elections in all the countries at the same time, and so on. What is really being pressed, it seems here, is that the precise method of election should be the same.
By adopting this approach, however, this also means that the accession candidates must understand that each individual country will be assessed on its own merits to determine whether it is able to fulfil the conditions.
I therefore hope that we can agree on a more stringent line than that proposed by the Commission, and I would like to thank Mrs Matias for her sterling work.
We have also known that what happens to some people will also happen to others and I think that if the European Parliament could, by observing a minute' s silence, express its solidarity with this officer' s family and loved ones, with the gendarmerie and with all French and European citizens affected by this evil, it would be sending out a very important signal.
Uganda: the Bahati Bill and discrimination against the LGBT population
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in the Europe of 27, there are few political organisations that claim to work in such a transparent and structured way as the EU itself.
The action plan presented by the Commission on the textile industry is part of its more general strategy to increase competitiveness by reducing non-wage labour costs, changing labour relations and by further promoting "prosperity' .
You have raised a point that we shall consider afterwards, Mr Fabre-Aubrespy.
We do not know who will be.
On the other hand, there are other problems such as the definition of the concept of higher education and the balance between article 3 - recognition of diplomas per se - and article 4 which, in certain circumstances, enables the Member States to introduce additional requirements.
It offers the 'discerning sportsman' the ultimate hunting experience: large buffalo, lion, water buck, very rare East African sitatunga, leopards, antelopes, etc.
We fought very hard for it and for us the most important issue is that we as social partners should formulate an agreement that says that we will not interfere in the content of the agreement.
The same applies to sucralose and cyclamic acid, about which Mr Lannoye has already spoken.
However, the Commission is to conduct a review two years after the entry into force of the directive, which could then lead to the inclusion of other offences.
To ensure equal treatment of all EU citizens as regards visa-free travel, Article 8 of the agreement provides that Brazil can suspend or terminate the agreement only in respect of all Member States of the Union and, reciprocally, the EU may suspend or terminate the agreement only with respect to all Member States.
Because we are democrats and live in democracy, our anti-terrorist measures must always be shown to comply with the rule of law. Even terrorists are entitled to due process and protection, and their human rights must be respected at all times.
A state of emergency was declared there a few minutes ago following the assassination of Prime Minister Djindjic.
The are even grounds for suspecting that it is not just a question of practical problems, such as legal complications or problems of varying labour market cultures.
In category 3, we are a little concerned about research and development.
I have therefore submitted amendments to rectify this, and shall also be supporting other amendments that have the same objective.
I believe we must help these people; it is a humanitarian question, a question of emergency aid.
The Commission's proposal to cut intervention prices as a means of restructuring is being thwarted by the requirement that full compensation should be paid through direct support, and that new support measures or other forms of market intervention should be introduced.
This underlines once more the importance of biologically and ecologically reasonable modes of management, which, when properly applied, can make a vital contribution, and so I do believe that it is important that much more be done to promote their use, and have voted, accordingly, in favour of the Klaß report.
We agree with the rapporteur's proposals for intervention prices to be increased with regard to the Commission proposal, for total compensation for price reductions by means of direct payments and especially with the supplementary subsidy of EUR 5 per tonne for the less favoured regions.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we are all aware that there is still much to be done in order to make European development policies more effective.
But here is the most interesting thing: the paradox is that the convergence criteria are not being met by these measures.
In the past the statistical service used the following method: it considered that those payments which were concealed within different interest rates were payments for intermediate products and, as is well known to experts on national income statistics, intermediate products are not added to the final products.
As rapporteur, my main concern - shared by the committee - was to put the concept of alternative development at the top of the agenda.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is no disputing the fact that, along with the rules on free movement, health and safety at work is one of the European Union's spheres of activity that does not lack an unambiguous legal basis.
I am therefore convinced that this proposal makes sense.
As a Geordie to a Yorkshire man, I have to say, 'Th'as done good, lad'.
Young people are a special kind of added value - they bring freshness and innovation, and can make Europe's social vision a reality, based on tolerance, diversity and equality.
Nevertheless, there are some positive developments as well: a Memorandum of Understanding was agreed at the UN Commission of Human Rights in April this year to launch a human rights monitoring mission and to set up four regional offices of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights in the country.
It is quite clear that this will cause enormous difficulties and the situation will undoubtedly deteriorate even further.
I am particularly pleased to be able to say that we have resolved the majority of the problems with enlargement.
Address by the President of Parliament
Mr President, I have two brief comments.
This basis of a resolution, however, is a sign of weakness: weakness, essentially, on the part of the Fourteen countries that have taken a political initiative and do not know how to get out of it.
And let us be realistic, the burden must not be carried only by European countries, but it should be carried also by the countries from which the migrants originate, as well as transit countries, such as Libya.
Similarly, improvements are urgently needed to agencies' internal audit procedures, and I welcome the possibility of having an inter-agency disciplinary board.
As ever, North Korea's motives are very opaque.
Rather than set up a belated temporary Parliamentary committee on the Prestige, however, our responsibility is to implement, on a daily basis, all the democratic controls falling within our competence, as, indeed, we have today.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, when you consider how we debated this proposal from the Commission during the last parliament - going from outright rejection to celebrating all the good things coming our way - then I must say that I am very enthusiastic about what has been tabled here.
in writing. - (FR) If, despite a certain amount of reluctance due to a totally unbalanced text, I eventually voted for it, this was because an oral amendment tabled by the Group of the European People's Party restored the truth to a certain extent as to the current situation in Gaza.
Such exchange is really extremely important for the consolidation of democracy, which is of special significance, particularly in the case of the Slovak Republic.
Of course, it will be up to the President-in-Office to act not only with skill and sensitivity but also with firmness.
However, I regularly suffer nightmares.
It is only if there has been a breach of obligations under the WTO.
(Applause from the right)
The black economy is largely a cash economy.
President of the Commission. - There are two questions there.
This project amounts to several billion ecus and areas eligible for Structural Funds, such as those listed in Objective 1, might welcome this type of installation.
I would ask the Presidency of the Council and the Parliamentary Leadership to ensure that we not only talk of better regulation, but that we actually also have the opportunity to see and examine texts.
The enforcement of our existing laws on animal welfare is far too patchy.
We should make sure that we always include and take into account the equality issue in all reports that we discuss here in Parliament.
From the perspective of budgetary control, there are two points on which we wish to lay particular emphasis for this coming financial year.
So, in closing, let me stress a few key points.
I therefore welcome the fact that the compromise resolution includes a reference to both the Declaration of and Convention on the Rights of the Child, which use the term 'child' even for unborn children and call for special services for both the mother and child.
I should also like to point out that the directive requires two very dangerous things.
in writing. - (BG) Mr President, it is great that the EP is discussing the White Paper on Sport.
The first is to maintain support measures until the recovery has been consolidated.
In its report on the 1998 financial year, submitted in November last year, the Court of Auditors granted the Commission a declaration of assurance with regard to receipts and the handling of commitment appropriations.
It has contributed over USD 900 million to the World Bank Trust Fund for debt relief.
Last Friday, the producer price in the pig fattening sector came in at EUR 0.23 per kilogram.
I could continue the list.
I voted against the committee proposal along with other members of my Group.
Written statements (Rule 149)
I therefore make a formal request for the vote to be taken again.
I do not believe that there is a perfect solution.
I therefore read the texts again with a fresh mind, following the night of the negotiations.
Question No 2 by John Joseph McCartin (H-0395/02):
However I will continue to be particularly attentive to the following points: the prerogatives of European data protection authorities and the choice of Europol as screening authority; the effectiveness of the 'right of redress' of people whose privacy rights have been flouted; and the monitoring and evaluation of the relevancy of data transmitted to the American authorities.
To be absolutely frank, I believe there is increasing frustration in Central America in relation to the Madrid Summit, and I would ask the Council and the Commission to do everything possible to prevent this, or at least to alleviate it, by offering prospects for the immediate future.
   Mr President of the Federal Republic of Germany, ladies and gentlemen, before welcoming our illustrious guest today, I must inform you that, during the meeting we held with President Köhler before coming to the Chamber, we heard the sad news of the death of Mr Lennart Meri, who was President of Estonia from 1992 to 2001.
We, therefore, need a very clear signal.
We all approached it with the intention of producing the most stringent legislation anywhere in the world.
In proposing a planning framework and practical measures to promote tourism, the Commission is recognising its importance and tackling a number of problems facing the European tourist sector, caused, in particular by increased international competition.
First, we need to improve coordination between the various actors in the European Union - in situ, in the third countries, through more decentralised management of Community programmes and through improved coordination between Community action and action by Member States.
This responsibility cannot only be borne by the Commissioner for Development and Humanitarian Aid, however much we like to see him or hear him talk, or by the Development Council or the parliamentary Committee on Development and Cooperation.
Mr President, Commissioner, you are waiting for the panel to complete its work, and I realize that, but you must admit that the World Trade Organization is producing one verdict after another, and all the verdicts are similar.
At the same time, however, they must comply with international requirements in this field.
In addition, red-tape at national level should be reduced, thus removing impediments to the internal market.
I hope you will agree to my asking my colleague Mrs Dührkop Dührkop to say a few words on behalf of our Group.
Let me warmly thank the rapporteur for her work and hope that our concerns will be taken on board.
The simplification proposal is, in itself, a good thing.
However, it is more than that; it is the noise that we have to put up with in the urban environment, from neighbours as well as from vehicles, from ghetto blasters and so on. This is not territory for European directives, but we can share best practice as to how to tackle it.
3 December is International Day of People with Disabilities.
We need to be able to occupy our rightful place as the EU to ensure our voice is heard clearly as we deal with the many problems in our contemporary world.
There are a dozen Caucasian and Balkan countries which are not even on the list of candidate countries, whose situation is not even on a par with that of Turkey, and they are countries which the European Union needs, just as it needs Turkey, not least in order to prevent the development of any tendencies towards fundamentalism, as a number of Members have said today.
Lastly, a solution really will have to be found with regard to the situation of Kosovo, the only part of the Balkans excluded from this process.
I am very honoured that the President of the Commission has taken full responsibility for that, but I might have some questions which are closely related to Mr Harbour's question.
I believe the latter are very reasonable as regards the Commission’s drafts for a directive concerning safety at nuclear facilities, the management of spent fuel and the management of radioactive waste.
We really cannot present that kind of proposal to the public.
Mr President, Commissioner, allow me to ask a supplementary question.
So it is urgent for us to show solidarity in the strongest possible way, in order to defend those people who help those who cannot help themselves.
We are grateful for your support.
Consequently, I consider the establishment of the Carpathian Basin Forum, comprising Hungarian Members of Parliaments from sovereign states that are members of the European Union, set on establishing autonomy, to be a provocation and absurdity that is inappropriate in this 21st century.
Under these conditions, we chose to insist on compliance with those requirements that we control and for which we have the action means.
This international background also prompts us to look carefully at the difficult and demanding processes of transition which the applicant countries are having to go through.
When it took up office, the Commission had the trust of this Parliament.
These are the pressing practical matters which must follow from the voting of this resolution.
With the coming on board of the various institutional partners, nearly 170 States, including our 27 Member States, of scientists and NGOs, the CITES Convention will have made it possible to prevent the removal of particularly endangered species and to save species such as the Siberian tiger, the blue whale and African elephants.
   . It is quite correct that transatlantic cooperation is essential to the Middle-East peace process.
She has just made this declaration publicly.
A massive yes vote also sends out a political message.
In doing so, it knowingly accepts that the ecological balance of the region will be destroyed. I therefore call upon the Commission to give its attention to this problematic project and to submit proposals as to how its abandonment might be brought about.
We can now appreciate that the reality is quite different, and that Latin America is very vulnerable to the effects of the Russian and Asian crises.
Will it continue to maintain double standards?
The implementation of this law will be positive in areas devastated by urban development.
And people say that DG VII functionaries do not earn their money!
The freedom to provide services has been, since 1958, one of the four freedoms that the Founding Fathers enshrined in the Treaty, yet – in contrast to the movement of goods and capital and personal mobility – it has never been anything other than neglected, and the reason why it has been neglected is that it has been in this area that the Member States have been least willing to fully implement the Treaty, and they have left it to the Court of Justice to make up the rules by way of rulings in individual cases.
Where is this danger that hangs over Europe’s future?
I appreciate the reference to giving priority to young people in the provision of information, emphasised in Amendment No 88.
The issue is perhaps also one of approval: we would avoid a lot of questions if our Parliament were allowed to participate actively in the whole process from the very beginning.
The Union can no longer tolerate dumping in terms of welfare, health and the environment without reacting to it, as it is responsible for far too many transfers of production outside Europe.
I was Parliament's rapporteur on the Railway Safety Directive to which Mr El Khadraoui has just referred, and I am proud of the work we did back then.
Question No 34 by Phillip Whitehead (H-0330/02):
The tax authorities in the Member States are going to have to work with each other to make this proposal successful, and it must be a success because the current state of affairs is a recurring source of irritation for the business community.
Instead, we must seize this opportunity to confront the Council with a joint position adopted by both the Commission and Parliament.
We want the Commission’s annual strategy to be discussed here with sufficient time for the preliminary draft to take up and respond to our budgetary guidelines.
The broadening of prospects for careers related to the sea cluster, which is also part of your question, is not directly an objective of the research policy.
Appointing a head would put a stop to that.
I say to Ms Breyer, a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, who quite rightly talks about legislation: there is little point in putting in place legislation in the European Union if all we do is import products which do not meet the same standards that we are putting forward within the European Union.
The same can be said about tourism, which Mrs Grossetête discussed in detail.
. (FR) Ladies and gentlemen, the age limit of 23 years only applies to training, because we had to set age limits and FIFA suggested these to us.
Soon these farms and their families will sink into poverty.
It is particularly important that the term 'veal' and other terms defined in the Commission proposal should not be used in labelling meat from animals aged over 12 months.
To conclude, I have to admit I have certain concerns in connection with the plan to apply maximum flexibility, which is made possible by the revised Stability and Growth Pact.
It is a success because we managed to set a minimum and maximum rate of excise duty to meet anti-inflationary objectives but ignored the idea of abolishing regulation in its entirety.
My question to you is: what is the reason for this change in how you view these horizontal purchasing agreements?
It proposes to make wider use of standardisation work in the field of services, while preserving the monopolistic nature of the bodies mentioned in the report – which is, in my opinion, regrettable – even though standardisation has been mainly focused up to now on industrial products and nothing else.
I hope that Member States will take up the opportunity, in particular, to help the long-term unemployed.
The provisions of the Rules of Procedure have been infringed on many occasions by the departments and by the majority of the Parliament.
Parliament's committees, especially the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, have given the proposal a new look.
There may be different solutions for different industries or for different categories of workers, provided the rules adopted suffice to prevent abuse.
I am pleased with the Commissioner's promises on this.
The day before yesterday, here in Brussels, I was still trying to convince a representative of Latvia's Government to make the measures to be included in the budget for 2010 more progressive.
. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to pay tribute to my fellow Member, Mr Wojciechowski, for his work as rapporteur on the quota system in relation to the production of potato starch.
This work cannot be undertaken in Pristina alone, both in view of infrastructure and political relations.
The Roma integration strategy being prepared under the direction of the Hungarian Presidency may create the Europe of the future for the Roma communities as well.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A4-0325/98), on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, on the common position adopted by the Council (C4-0421/98-97/0198(COD)) with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council Directive on legal protection of services based on, or consisting of, conditional access (Rapporteur: Mr Anastassopoulos).
Perhaps there is then a celebratory debate, a time-consuming procedure with no outcome.
All parliamentarians take responsibility politically for their decisions and standpoints.
We say we are disappointed by Mr Budanov's acquittal.
As you probably already know from the media, negotiations on a new form of collaboration in the fisheries sector were started with the Kingdom of Morocco following my visit to Casablanca in October, when the King of Morocco agreed to begin serious negotiations.
The Commission also expressed its wish to put more stress on the need for greater inclusion and more stringent implementation.
That premise stems from the four freedoms of movement of capital enshrined in the Treaty of Maastricht, the Directives on the internal market and on the posting of workers, as confirmed by Articles 43 and 49 in the renamed European Constitution, which is the Treaty of Lisbon.
Is it actually permitted for explanations of votes to be given by people who have not even taken part in the vote?
Once again, the focus has been on the Agency's work, and that is good.
This is ample reason, Commissioner, to insist on the immediate scrapping of this section in official documents with your Turkish interlocutor.
I am also aware of how involvement and working for the benefit of others have a further effect in shaping positive attitudes to life.
Over and above such movements, it is only with an accurate and up-to-date knowledge of all indicators at the regional level at a given moment in time that it will be possible to take action that is appropriate for such diverse circumstances, with differences sometimes proving greater within countries than between countries.
The key subject is the fact that this large democracy, which is a strategic partner of ours, has been suffering from a serious, perhaps even fatal illness for decades.
Workers must be clear about how to protect themselves and others.
We shall gladly do that, and I should like to say something now about the effort we should make and our criteria.
Secondly, we are feeling our way towards a new and more productive working relationship with the Council and I hope with the European Parliament.
At that time the Council said that for legal reasons and reasons of principle it firmly rejected secondary boycotts and laws with extraterritorial and retroactive effect.
This trade has doubled in 15 years, reaching ECU 27.5 billion in 1997. The EU was in a position of surplus until 1997.
The rapporteur presents us with a detailed study.
(Applause)
in writing. - (FR) In favour.
Your rapporteur is, like the Council, in favour of a gradual approach to changes in spectrum management that strikes a balance between the principles of neutrality put forward by the Commission and the complexity of the management of this scarce resource.
He has taken account of all the texts from the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy.
Of all the codes adopted by the institutions, it is the one which corresponds the most closely to the Ombudsman's proposals.
This is standard practice in Spain and it allows us to derive much more benefit from our scarce resources.
I shall therefore repeat what I said in my statement two years ago, namely that the potato starch production quotas allocated by the Commission are not in line with the production capacities of Polish and Lithuanian plants, their supply of raw material and the increasing demand for starch.
(NL) Mr President, it feels good to be back in your Parliament and I have good memories of our meeting during the Dutch Presidency in 2004.
In addition, only tissue from types of raw material in which the virus has never been detected may be used.
Can the Council state what action it intends to take, and in what quarters, to ensure that:
But equally difficult issues, to my mind, are the lack of a uniform definition of the concept of human rights and, to a lesser extent, the substance of this report.
I should like to finish by asking the Commission to submit, at the earliest opportunity, an assessment of the impact which the rules that the Commission adopted last year had on State aid as compensation for public services.
We have voted a budget with commitments of just under EUR 100 billion.
The recent application by BNFL to the British Government for increased area discharges is another unpleasant episode in the ongoing saga of Sellafield and Thorp nuclear plants.
Turkey is an important benchmark in this regard and it matters for our own future and for the future of our children and grandchildren.
Secondly, did Millstream have a licence to use the oil in question?
Experience with the right of collective action in Germany has been very positive: there has not been an abundance of actions, and actions have been purposeful, with most of those brought by associations there ending in success.
However, it is very obvious that a general reduction of working hours without making the working time statutes more flexible leads to even higher labour costs and as a result jobs are lost.
We need a lively, growing SME sector.
That is not correct.
I also approve of the directive calling for the information and consultation of workers on this issue.
We must not stand for this any longer.
This is an excellent example of how the EU can add value to the work of Member States that could not possibly be achieved by them working on their own or even together.
Among other things, the European Union directive calls for Member States to produce national action plans specifying the necessary measures and the concrete, binding national targets, broken down by sector, such as transport, heating, electricity conversion and industry.
They also have to pay through the nose if they cannot find proper parking areas where they can stop and comply with the rest times that are prescribed by European law.
We would simply ask both Mr Tomlinson and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy that a decision on these amendments should be deferred until after the Commission has presented the new regulation to the Council of Ministers.
      Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the debate sparked off in this House by the extreme Left is a debate Europe could well do without.
Throughout its history, Europe has been well acquainted with the phenomenon of what is referred to as company relocations.
We might as well make a thorough job of improving the text, while we are at it.
The certification criteria should be designed to ensure that biofuels provide significant greenhouse gas savings over the whole life cycle and that their production does not cause a loss in biodiversity or major socioeconomic problems such as serious food price inflation.
In the light of these failures, it is clear that the EU should put pressure on the UN Secretary-General to prepare a genuinely independent assessment.
Does this mean that taxation has no influence at all?
Throughout these discussions, I have had in my mind's eye a woman who was one of my patients at the time and who had her eighth child at the age of twenty-four.
I call on this House and the Justice Commissioner to speak out against this wretched legislation.
There is often nothing visible behind the well-intentioned forms of words that we hear, and with which we are already familiar.
The labour clauses in the contract are good, but they do not go far enough.
There have been debates regarding the best approach to take in this particular case, and there are various possible options.
The Austrian Ministry of Economic Affairs said in its opinion that the MAI does not impinge on a country's right to have its own environmental and employment protection standards, as long as foreign investors are not subject to stricter requirements than domestic companies.
Mr President, I would just like to say that I was here yesterday but for some inexplicable reason my name does not appear on the list.
On the contrary, we should like to be involved, given that the Treaty of Lisbon will come into force within a few days, and I consider that Parliament's role as colegislator is of fundamental importance.
I would congratulate him, too, on his work while in office.
The economy of the future will make efficient use of its natural resources.
Human rights questions are also security policy questions.
One thing is for certain: there are instances of unsatisfactory practices and inadequate protection in Europe at the moment.
Democracy goes far beyond periodic elections and requires the implementation of flexible participation and dialogue mechanisms between citizens and institutions, as well as their democratisation, based on the concepts of good governance, transparency and combating corruption.
As already stated, the influential UCLA, the American Civil Liberties Association, qualified this as 'a highly un-American system' and condemned the fact that, in this way, every passenger is turned into a suspect.
Given these circumstances it will be best if the talks are allowed to proceed with a minimum of outside interference, so that they can be kept low-key.
Very briefly, the information note from the European Court of Auditors says on page 7 that the adaptations and validations necessary to ensure the full implementation of the new accounting framework have been delayed.
In the Vatican last week the Pope welcomed members of the Hungarian Conference of Catholic Bishops.
These also serve to pass on the unequivocal message to employers that we shall no longer tolerate the recruitment of workers without a permit.
Each country will face particular and different challenges, but I encourage them to work jointly and to encourage each other on this path.
It is time for a debate among the Turkish people about whether this constitution and this unitary state fulfil the requirements of modern society and pluralistic democracy.
I think that the Polish Government should make a real effort to draw up alternative solutions to the problem as soon as possible.
Now we know that these new states have inherited huge problems from the Soviet Union.
In Denmark, we have a lovely song that our family often sings.
It held this up as a costsaving measure.
Finally, another thing that plays a role with regard to safety is to know whether an airline is financially strong.
Furthermore, on the adoption of Regulation 2317/95, which determined which third countries' citizens must hold a visa to cross the external frontiers of the Member States, the Council issued a public statement that the treatment of Chinese citizens who have the right of residence in Hong Kong and Macao will be established later.
The European Council has asked for Frontex's operational powers to be strengthened and, in particular, for consideration to be given to the possibility of regularly chartering flights in order to carry out these operations.
in writing. - (LT) Efficient energy use should be one of the most important cornerstones of the EU energy policy being created.
Unfortunately, there are still occasional confrontations between the people there.
We agree with you that we need a rules-based trading system.
More than ever, we must promote a European cultural spirit in order to encourage creation and bolster cultural diversity, without which Europe would not exist nor have any influence abroad.
If the Commission indicates that it also believes that quota for flatfish should be cut, for example by between 30% and 40%, then I have to say that I do not go along with this.
Peace and security are vital to the effectiveness of development policy, and the EU should coordinate its approach better, with the aim of resolving stability problems in the LDCs and supporting efforts to build the capacities needed for the construction of peaceful, democratic and inclusive states.
I accept your point about Ireland, but can any further policy - an intervention policy - be provided to raise the price at this point?
You will also recall that it was not all that easy, at the start, to persuade the Member States that it would be in the interest of better European governance to have more decentralisation in this respect.
Our communication analyses its drawbacks and points to the problems that need to be addressed.
They too will eventually need to adopt a different position in such a huge world nation which has the pretension of occupying a place on the world stage of the future and of playing a role there as well.
The banks are cooperating well; they are carrying out changes in advance in their relations with their clients; the adaptation of automatic cash dispensers in 2002 will probably be very rapid, and even immediate in the majority of Member States; in general, they will issue notes of low value and will thereby contribute to alleviating the problems of returning change which may arise in commercial operations.
But I cannot stand idly by and watch the destruction of key conservation zones around the Azores and in the Irish Box, simply because our Spanish friends and only our Spanish friends wish to catch more fish in these waters.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism adopted the majority of these proposals and incorporated them into the final version of the motion for a resolution.
In recent years the European Union has gained historic prominence; it has made and maintained peace on its soil; it has brought down borders without resorting to the use of force; it has proposed its values without imposing them; and it has promoted growth and cohesion in an often troubled and unstable world.
   Mr President, firstly I would like to refer to the tragedy of today's dead-heat parliamentary election result in Turkish Northern Cyprus which is insufficient to oust Mr Denktash, who actively opposes the generous US-Annan plan to reunify the island in time to join the European Union next May.
The same is true in the field of international relations.
I will hand a second document on this to the Commissioner and eagerly await a swift response from him in writing.
I shall turn briefly to the Directive on the liberalisation of services, with regard to which I thought I had made my views clear.
Unfortunately, it is very often the case that overnight events lead to us here in Parliament spouting out waves of political demands that I sometimes find somewhat dubious.
We are asking you to appoint the new Commission President in Berlin and to ensure that a new Commission is in any event in place before the European elections.
The word would be 'transitional', and the amendment would then read as follows: 'except for temporary, transitional derogations'.
Roughly translated that means that non-EU countries can produce their goods cheaper, and this must be stopped at all costs.
The risks for Europe are alarming, with nuclear arms practically being handed over to what remains of the army and the danger of Russia falling apart on the Caucasian-Muslim front and in the far east.
There is unequivocal support for the aspirations of Balkan nations.
The utopia of Jean Monnet has given way to an area of widespread rivalries, a gigantic poker game in which the stake is European hegemony.
Christians are the main objects of persecution, and it is mainly Christians who are persecuted.
I believe that, if we want to subsidise agricultural products and farmers in their activities, we must change our procedure completely.
We know the new majority wants to resolve this issue that it inherited from the former government, and I think our Parliament can use this resolution to give the Macedonian authorities an excuse, in the best sense of the word, to settle this matter and free the four Albanian leaders, who are still in prison today, having been sentenced to two or seven years.
The change could therefore begin by the refusal to invest you with the presidency.
   Mr President, our European Union exists because it is firmly based on strict adherence to our European principles and values.
I hope that even those accidents which have been avoided, to say nothing about the tragic reality of the actual aircraft accidents, will convince the Council, so that this document does not end up in a drawer somewhere but is instead dealt with effectively and also fulfils its objective.
Yet more needs to be done and we need to conduct a more aggressive policy toward Belarus.
There is an extremely clear consensus among economists, both feminist and non-feminist, that the current crises have been caused by a series of institutions that are fundamentally, basically, run by men.
In short, it is going to subordinate national democracies without replacing them with any sort of equivalent at European level.
The ambition to strengthen the police and intelligence services completely overshadows the fight to strengthen human rights, democracy and the rule of law.
That simply cannot be the case.
The fact that the Council agreement on the forthcoming financial perspectives has made insufficient provision for the proposed EUR 190 million needed annually for countries from the sugar protocol is not a good sign.
We should not care whether a farm is large or small; instead we should be concerned with whether it is run in an economically sound manner.
We cannot support the general approach of the text, which acknowledges the need for a militarisation of the EU' s cooperation on defence and in that way fails to respect the non-aligned countries of the Union.
A 20% limit is not a target we should be aiming at, but a self-imposed ceiling.
Nonetheless, the problem of the harmful effects of so-called passive smoking, that is to say the effect on non-smokers of being surrounded by smokers, is very alarming indeed.
I also believe that we must bring more courage and ambition to this matter.
Let us never forget - I am finishing, Madam President - that if the European space industry is flourishing commercially today, it is because, in its time, there has been some true political and public will, particularly in France.
Now its economic structures have disappeared and the country’s plight is worsening the whole time.
Sensitive data can only be processed in exceptional cases, in cases of public interest; they are subject to suitable safeguards, and those suitable safeguards have to be provided by the country concerned.
In particular it highlighted the policy of free competition in the widest range of areas, including in services and foreign trade.
Madam President, my motion for a resolution today concerns the situation in Ethiopia which, despite its natural resources, is one of the poorest and least-developed countries in the world.
The weak point in the EU's human rights policy is a lack of adequate procedures for follow-up, regulation and monitoring.
However, as it proved difficult to clearly define alcopop-type products and to direct the measures able to be taken at their targets, it preferred to follow a more general policy in accordance with the aforementioned conclusions of 2001.
We ought also to ensure that this is how it actually works.
Report (A5-0294/2002) by Philip Charles Bradbourn, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation on the granting of Community financial assistance to improve the environmental performance of the freight transport system (COM(2002) 54 - C5-0054/2002 - 2002/0038(COD))
In my country, Greece, tobacco is usually grown in semi-barren areas by poor farmers who have no other options.
It is something of a miracle that we have managed to bring the two together somewhere in the middle, though not as much in the middle as some of us would like.
France can, if it wishes, keep control over its distribution network while progressively opening up production to competition for 20 % of the market.
However, the reference made earlier, for example, to the question of breast cancer screening – that it has not yet been implemented in all the Member States – highlights precisely one weakness.
It is true that we are trying to create, if you like, the Mediterranean equivalent of NAFTA.
The Commission awaits Parliament's proposals, in the hope that an agreement can be reached which would be part of the decision itself. Alternatively, it would form part of the agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council or, if appropriate, of an agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission.
I should also like to comment on sales promotion.
They should also be pursued in the context of the bilateral and multilateral agreements which the Community negotiates.
Over the years, we have noted how the abilities of the US leadership - whoever the President was - have always had an enormous role in global transatlantic decisions.
Consumers benefit from free trade because they can buy cheaper and better products and of course we must achieve a high level of consumer protection.
An overhaul of the constitutional framework, particularly in the interests of making it more operable, is certainly needed.
(SV) It is not long since the two large political groups reached a compromise on the Services Directive, and some people described it as a great success that health care and medical services had been exempted.
We have drawn attention to the sensitive fish processing industry, because both problems exist there.
This is absolutely essential if electronic commerce is to thrive; but that is really not so easy, particularly with certain groups of consumers.
The report also highlights the standard model and philosophy of the family as a production unit which solves the needs of its members.
The 100 million granted for the Estlink 2 submarine cable project will have a special impact on Finland.
Major American oil concerns, such as Exxon, Texaco and Chevron have helped Bush into the saddle.
We also wish to have a solid basis for cooperation with the NGOs.
Joint motion for a resolution on migrants
But on this issue - as several speakers said - considerable discussion is, of course, still required.
We need a common definition of the concept of partnership.
The draft framework decision before us today tries to cover up this lacuna by referring to Articles 31 and 34(2)(b) of the Treaty.
Turning lastly to the Mediterranean, I welcome the European Council's repeated call for Colonel Gaddafi to relinquish power, allowing for a new page in this country's history.
Can you assure us that the Commission is not considering the withdrawal of the directive on temporary agency workers?
We fully agree with the basic analysis of the European Parliament and the Member States.
However, this has been done without their knowledge and without them being able to give their opinion.
Family means people with children, and what does a marriage certificate have to do with that?
Future agreements should be based on the best practice of the past, and they should also take account of the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
Thirdly, I should like to refer to the idea of a code of good administrative behaviour, which was first mentioned in the Perry report on the Committee on Petitions' own activities for 1996-1997 and supported in the Newman report on the Ombudsman's annual report for 1997.
We can best guarantee the fight against unemployment and encourage social cohesion in Europe through having an employment-rich economy and through having sustainable models of welfare.
Today, people are being shot on sight in the streets of Phnom Penh and Siem Reap.
   – Mr President, I would like, again, to bring to the House’s attention the five Bulgarian nurses and the Palestinian doctor who have been jailed in Libya.
One can, of course, criticise some examples of public spending - and we shall not refrain from doing so - one might refer to the billions of euros in subsidies for fossil fuels, but let us not forget, as the Socialist Member said, that the increase in public deficits is the result, first and foremost, of the financial and economic crisis.
Over half of the 95 million inhabitants of Mexico already live in poverty, without counting those that are driven to emigrate precisely because of this type of partnership which is based on exploitation.
And, when we talk about Millennium Development Goals, it is the same story.
We already have new pressures in category four, where we are allowing for a very tight margin that will be made tighter by the need to include the Baltic Sea Strategy.
Our rapporteur is a Liberal and should not forget the lessons of laissez-faire Liberalism: let them live, let them be born, let them drink and let them smoke.
It is for this reason that the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety urged a focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy sources during the next decade, as the major way of reducing dependency on oil and gas.
We saw the consequence for animals and humans alike but we also saw the secondary results.
We voted against the Van Brempt report on a European Area of Lifelong Learning because it is a good example of the unwarranted extension of European powers.
The Rhine rules are very efficient.
Any agreement that is to be concluded will need to be adopted by Parliament, which will therefore need to be kept uptodate with all negotiations.
In the twelve Euro-zone countries, 90% of payments are now being made in the single currency: the changeover to the euro has been both a huge task and a huge success.
Perhaps if the Council and the Commission had listened to him and to the intergroup earlier, the 'mad cow' problem - and others - would not have arisen.
In the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, we have chosen to adopt three political priorities.
This area undoubtedly represents one of the main activities of the Community arising from Article 2 of the EC Treaty.
No aircraft must be allowed into the European Union unless it meets all the safety requirements, and this must also apply to crew.
It might therefore be useful to hear Mr Barroso's view on the state of Eritrea in particular.
We join forces, however, with the position of the Committee on Budgets and I wish my fellow Members on that committee good luck in the forthcoming three-way dialogue.
(No change)
Safeguarding the sustainability of resources by implementing long-term plans and short-term measures must without question involve an assessment of their socio-economic consequences and, as a result, the provision of financial resources guaranteeing the continued existence of vessels, employment and income in the industry and for fishermen.
Foreign legislation is opposed because it is foreign and not one's own.
In the wake of BSE, DG XXIV was given a significant role in the whole area of food policy.
Then we cannot continue indefinitely in this state of 'European schizophrenia' in which we expect the Union and the integration process to provide prosperity and development while relying on the United States to guarantee our security.
This is not a pipe dream, as the perestroika guy, Gorbachev, said.
Finally, I would like again to emphasise: if we lose our credibility because we fail to pay sufficient attention to the implementation of Community law in European Member States, this will lead to a credibility problem for the European Union as a whole.
Amendment No. 2 is important.
The question has been raised as to whether European action in this field adds any value.
They are always defended on the grounds that they have nothing to do with immigration and everything to do with education and tourism - two more favourable terms.
The court case in which 173 people suspected of albino killings are to be tried will be a litmus test that will reveal the disposition of those in power in Tanzania, and the guilty must be punished.
Appendix II will make no difference.
Moreover, it is reported that the impact on the German, Dutch, Belgian and French ports along the North Sea and the Channel with their major common hinterland would create chaos.
This means that if we adopt what you have submitted to us, then it will go through.
The spirit of the new Treaty, which speaks of new forms of democracy and of respect for fundamental rights, emphatically cannot in actual fact be neglected.
Thank you, Mr Fatuzzo, for this information. I can assure you that we shall take a close look at this book and see what can be done to restore our reputation.
I have submitted the proposal to start a debate both here in Parliament and in the Council of Ministers about the factual issues of immigration policy.
Article 8(4) of the law stipulates that doctors must communicate in the national language with patients in locations where the minority's proportion is less than 20%.
I feel that this is an area in which, in any case, it is for the Member States to decide.
I welcome the fact that the European Council, with the encouragement of the European Commission, adopted the date of the next European election as a target timetable, all the while emphasising and respecting the fact that we should continue with a case by case analysis based on differentiation.
The Commission, in close cooperation with the consultative committee on health and safety at work, will set up a body charged with helping the Member States to draw up coherent reports.
Just let us get on with it, because if you do not, more and more businesses are going to go to Dubai, Bermuda and the Channel Islands - I am moving half my business to the Channel Islands as it is.
We should know to what extent the Commission wants to incorporate the wishes of Mrs Weiler - the wishes, I would not say of the whole House but maybe the majority of the House - concerning third country nationals?
In general this report and our White Paper agree that the general orientation of physical education does not necessarily correspond to today's societal needs.
The question is an important one, given the extent to which the public image of the European institutions has become confused, if not suspect, and with good cause: how are people to find their way around the issue when, for all these years, votes from the left and right have systematically combined to administer the liberal economic model, or when Mr Blair and Mr Aznar, like their supporters in this House, have combined their efforts to support George W. Bush in his military adventure.
It could serve only to complicate the issue for more substantive and practically national forestry policies.
Whilst a sleeping tablet is a boon, many sleeping tablets can be fatal.
Does the possibility of negotiating on this, at least, still remain?
We live in a world undergoing a process of ageing.
Mr Cox went over a little bit but he was giving one of the most impassioned speeches that have been made in this Parliament for a long time and I think the House was enjoying listening to it.
Mr President, the Commission has presented a proposed regulation intended to amend another Community regulation, Regulation (EEC) 1911/91, which established a special legal status for the Canary Islands.
There is opposition too from those with an interest in money laundering and tax evasion.
Reckless, because it feeds Eurosceptism in the UK and Denmark and it cannot be in the long-term interests of either Europe or Ireland for either Denmark, the UK or indeed Sweden to remain outside the eurozone.
I should like to start by thanking everyone who helped to draft this important report.
Negotiations with the Council may well have been tough, but they were also congenial and constructive throughout, with each party understanding the other’s views; and that is the way it should be, too.
The French Presidency, working closely with the Commission, intends to do everything possible to ensure that national plans in support of the economic cycle are closely coordinated with Community initiatives so as to maximise the economic effects as a whole.
This measure might not be enough to overcome the chronic deficit in European R[amp]D expenditure, and a great effort is still required if the objective of devoting 3% of GDP to R[amp]D is to be attained.
If religious toleration is to be used as an argument, then we should add that there are religions in the world which practice the ritual killing of people.
I will keep on top of this situation, and remain very conscious of the need for me to act as a control mechanism in respect of the institutions, including the Commission.
In the cereals sector there are various different reasons for the increase in prices.
This would mean moving away from the situation of extreme poverty in which more than a third of the world' s population lives, and moving away from the extremely poor living conditions suffered by over a billion people. This is an extraordinary state of affairs, which certainly means that if this objective is to be achieved the international community as a whole will have to participate and intervene actively.
Cultural aspects in European Community action
Therefore, I am now going to thank you in your own language.
This laudable objective has my full support.
I am in complete agreement with Mrs Bonino who this morning said that the inquiry and follow up work of the European Parliament, just like the work of the Commission, is a long cleaning up process that our Parliament must undertake, together with the Commission and the Council.
The world has changed dramatically in the last couple of decades.
If we think that it is enough to publish an article in The Financial Times to communicate with citizens, I am sorry, this is 2006.
This unfortunate development prompted the Christian trade union leader in my country, Doekle Terpstra, to send a letter to the Dutch Presidency earlier this week.
Does the Cohesion Fund need to be modified?
The people have a right to expect cross-border cooperation to be implemented in all aspects of life, including, for example, the fight against crime, and not just the internal market.
I can say in conclusion that European law today is in any case better than what we see in other parts of the world, that it can be improved and is being improved and that wherever toys are involved, the strictest standards of all are being applied and must be applied.
We must, at long last, move away from our non-vaccination policy. We need marker vaccines.
In this respect, I think that the prevention of terrorism is an area that we must consider extremely carefully and in which we must take action.
Unfortunately, it is not at all easy, and in all our dialogues and consultations, we always mention these things.
This does not, of course, mean that I deny the importance of conventional energy sources; I could hardly do so when Algerian gas is starting to reach Spain, and from Spain, Portugal and the rest of Europe, through so major a structure as the gas pipeline linking Algeria across Morocco with our continent and our Union, but of course I give a greater welcome to the emphasis which this report has placed on permanent and renewable sources of energy and on energy saving.
   A commendable new form of 'inter-faith' dialogue!
The Council has not, however, taken into account Parliament's proposal on reducing the time-limit within which authorities must respond from one month to two weeks.
I really hope that we can find some solutions so that the Commission, the Council and Parliament can concentrate on issues of political importance.
To conclude, and to reassure Mrs Schörling, the judgment confirms that, both under current law and under the joint text, production methods are legitimate award criteria and may be given quite a high weight provided always that the criterion is formulated and applied in such a way as to meet the four requirements set out explicitly in both the Helsinki case and in recital 1 of the joint text.
Secondly, we are going to experience a very severe recession.
The final report, which is an excellent piece of work, is utterly damning.
Earlier I mentioned the problems faced by certain eurozone economies, in dealing with losses of competitiveness resulting from an evolution above their average unit labour costs for example.
However, the fact remains that the governments of European countries, particularly the French Government, have put themselves in an impossible situation by adopting the Treaty of Amsterdam.
in writing. - (NL) I have voted against the compromise in the Sacconi report on CO2 emissions from cars.
The Council and the Commission have joined forces here - which could even be a good thing, but I would like to use Machiavelli's words here and say, 'Not every end justifies the means'.
This demands a Lisbon process ensuring that all parts of the EU can become progressively more competitive and that the new Member States are given the opportunity to grow on their own terms, and not on someone else’s.
The very success of the design of supranational Europe, which has guaranteed us - we had better not forget it even now - forty years of peace, stability and democracy, makes the motives that inspired the founding fathers of the Community, who had experienced the tragedy of European division and civil war, less urgent and perceptible.
A coherent, Community approach is required for both production and efficiency.
There are so many points that I would like to mention, but really the bottom line is a specific disability directive.
That was in autumn 1995.
I believe that a dioxin scandal or a BSE crisis, or whatever it may be, can occur anywhere in Europe.
In paragraph 29, Turkey is encouraged to cooperate closely with the IMF, and in paragraph 31 the country is said to be obliged to conclude FTAs with third countries.
Thirdly, I would also draw your attention to the fact that for many years now, European aid for the Palestinians is being used, not only to allow Mrs Arafat to lead a life of luxury in Paris, but also to fund terrorism in Israel.
The next time we will have to fight the same fight again because, unfortunately, the Council never learns.
What is worrying is that people say that bad prevention is worse than no prevention.
In 2003 there was a range within Member States of between 24% and 100% of the infringements that were actually followed by a sanction.
In recent years, very significant advances in transplant technology have been made, and the public has become more aware of the need to come forward as potential donors.
In point of fact, if no indication is given that new planting will be authorised at some time in a given location, the decision to grub up there is not based on the quantity of wine that can be sold.
I am very much afraid that these powers of discretion will also be used to determine safe third countries as well.
The Commission bears an important responsibility for ensuring that 20 of the 30 recommendations in the plan become a political reality.
In the short term the Lisbon-Algarve motorway, the second stage of the Via do Infante and the Ayamonte-Seville link must be joined up to form part of the European road network.
As to anti-discrimination directives already in force, I would like to stress that they provide for only minimum standards.
It will not support the motion of censure, because it embodies the very opposite of a desire for reform.
The Finnish Presidency, which trumpets its commitment to transparency, is keeping Europe painfully divided.
Mr Fjellner, I have got to deal with your particular point, because you described what I was doing as an improper way of acting.
The debate is closed.
Therefore, let us cross that bridge when we come to it.
I think that reactions to what the European Parliament says, or, for example, to today's award of the Sakharov Prize, show that Parliament's views are important, because they are being heard.
A broad public consultation will take place early in 2007, based on a Green Paper expected in the coming months.
It should be noted that, in order to achieve an overall compromise, the Commission accepted the Council common position, even though it had reservations about the watering down of the provisions on health surveillance.
Rather than over-reacting and indulging in conspiracy theories, however, I immediately sought an explanation, since what this note suggests is directly at odds with what I have observed since I have been at the head of the Commission.
It is therefore important to support Moldova's economic recovery and give a positive sign of EU solidarity with a population that lives mostly in rural areas.
It is less obvious in the case of the environment, so much so that the Commission has taken the initiative to carry out a study of the environmental impact of the round which we are about to launch.
Some doubts have been expressed regarding whether these targets will be implemented by the Member States.
This is something we ought to support, a fact which also emerges from Amendment No 11.
I ask you, respected colleagues, to please express your categorical opinion on the matter before the Dutch authorities.
If they wish to become true members, and Europe appears to be able to cope, moving closer towards membership could then be the next step for them.
It does not conceive of the possibility that it may be in the best interests of the countries concerned to remain outside the EU for a variety of social, economic or other reasons.
As far as I am concerned, this means that it is also time, high time at that, that we achieved a breakthrough, because solidarity amongst Member States will have to be enforced in one way or another.
This proposal is long overdue.
It is true that since the beginning of the infringement procedure, the situation has improved in the Member State concerned.
While Agenda 2000 finally begins to discuss a modulation of aid, environmental sustainability, rebalancing in the rural areas and limits to the increase in production, specifically for the olive which, more than other sectors, can only gain from these changes, it would be understandable for a huge and incomprehensible cultural exception to be invoked immediately.
The Commission is very grateful that Parliament has dealt with this matter with such priority.
We are in favour of approving the report with the amendments presented by our Group which reflect its concern at the political division of the island, supporting, in this respect, the efforts of the United Nations to reestablish the conversations and urging the conflicting sides to achieve a resolution to the problem as soon as possible, for the good of all the citizens of Cyprus.
However, this more restrictive policy is naturally more difficult to implement without the protection of import restrictions.
The other document on the table is the GSM Directive.
Having welcomed Commissioner Wulf-Mathies, and once she has got settled, I invite her to reply to Question No 45 by Richard Corbett (H-0501/98)
Those who speak only about money betray their deep contempt for this Parliament.
It is also for that reason that I, as President of the European Council, have opted for a different working formula, namely for a very in-depth dialogue during the working lunch to exchange experiences with regard to the reform policy in the different European Member States.
This is, of course, a complex issue, and we have to take into account all those sensitive matters which are related to simplification, but the fact is that certain provisions in the Regulations are really outdated and need to be reconsidered and revised.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I have so much time that I hope I can use it properly, accustomed as I am to speaking for only a minute.
Moreover, before the end of this year the Commission must also present a proposal for the revision of the Gas Directive of 2004 in order to incorporate a requirement for binding and effective national and EU emergency plans.
The arrangement in the draft agreement with the United States of America has been put there precisely in order to bring more added value to existing bilateral agreements between Member States and the United States of America, which do not contain adequate guarantees.
Mr Farage is wrong: this is not democracy.
I regret that agreement was not reached on the reforms in the milk sector.
- (A6-0026/2005) by Mr Goebbels, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the European economic situation – preparatory report on the Broad Economic Policy Guidelines [2004/2269(INI)];
I have only one or two comments to make.
I nevertheless request that some consideration be given to the fact that our East German shipbuilding industry still has difficulties, and my colleague, García Arias, will certainly also bring up the subject of Spanish industry.
Lapsed written declarations: see Minutes
Thanks to this clause, we shall be able perhaps finally to show new margins, particularly where agriculture is concerned.
Relief of this sort must be on a substantial scale and be implemented rapidly.
Thirdly, does the Commission intend to ignore the fundamental objections raised by European engineering unions?
Its symptoms are bank collapses, the socialisation of banks and insurance companies, and a junk bank used for the socialisation of debts and as a landfill site for bank waste.
That is our commitment.
In its common position, the Council states that the host Member State should have this choice, albeit taking account of the migrant's preference, but the Committee on Legal Affairs decided unanimously - and quite rightly, in my opinion - that the choice should be left up to the migrant worker. There are two reasons for this: the administrative difficulties encountered by people wishing to obtain recognition of their qualifications in another Member State, which would be further compounded; and the need to keep a parallel between this directive and the general system of recognition of qualifications, already established through Directives 89/48 and 92/51, which give the migrant worker the right to choose between an adaptation period and an aptitude test.
In 2008, I drafted amendments to the Latvian Republic's Criminal Law regarding domestic violence.
Therefore, it is difficult not to agree with the rapporteur that it is the Member States which are responsible for correctly implementing the directive and establishing effective control procedures for the storage and processing of waste equipment.
As regards the need for a legal framework to define profiling, the Commission believes that the relevant EU legislation on border management and data protection is adequate to protect fundamental rights.
The Council and the Commission, then, must make every possible effort to reanimate the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership agreed at the Barcelona Conference.
However, that will be our starting point as we do this thoroughly.
We can also take that path, and that is why, as rapporteur on that regulation, I take a particular interest in the matter.
The Barcelona Summit, in which the EU's position was to be firmly set out, was also a disappointment.
Obviously, I support that and share the concerns that have been expressed in the Chamber today.
I sincerely hope that all MEPs will either vote to remove natural radiation from the text, or vote for the compromise in committee.
If we want to restore the confidence of the people then we must introduce a culture of greater openness and decisiveness in Europe.
This is not contained in the regulation.
A further impediment to the achievement of the Lisbon objectives, and all for what?
The first requirement is for Member States to make the Erika legislation that has been adopted part of national law as quickly as possible and monitor its application strictly.
We can make a host of institutional changes but, as long as there is a lack of political will, the EU will fail to be heard in the arena of foreign policy.
Question No 6 by Sylviane H. Ainardi (H-0084/03):
Thank you for working together fairly and thank you also to the Slovenian Presidency of the Council because, in the entire two and a half years, it was the only Presidency that really brought any momentum into the debate.
Forests, which contain the majority of species, are threatened by corruption and indifference, among other things.
A different economic strategy in Europe would not have been able to prevent the macroeconomic imbalances and the mistakes made on the international financial markets which led to this crisis.
The President came to the IGC poorly prepared; he ignored the warnings of this House that holding back compromise proposals would produce this kind of stalemate.
There is no need for me to stress that, in addition to the provision of humanitarian aid, the need to protect the cultural heritage of Iraq from a repeat of incidents such as those that took place recently is extremely important.
First, Europe must support the victim against the aggressor.
We therefore tabled a number of amendments and, as the rapporteur has just explained, due to an unfortunate combination of circumstances, the rapporteur did not receive the amendments in time.
Madam President, we cannot achieve an internal market with wide-ranging freedom of movement and fair competition between economic agents within the territory of the European Union if we still have 15 inconsistent and disconnected customs systems.
In any case, however, we have not said enough, and the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations would like to point out that these dates really amount to evading the issue during the time between the elections in an attempt to avoid presenting the electorate with the real questions.
It sets a broad framework to encourage third-country nationals to enjoy the best educational facilities available in Member States without over-prescribing and over-regulating.
Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would first of all like to thank the Committee on Development and its rapporteur, Mrs Martens, for this report which makes a first assessment of the Africa-EU Strategic Partnership one year after the Lisbon Summit.
Do the proposals that are now before us make our world a safer place?
This is to gather the necessary support for ratification of the new Treaty.
Our objective has been a more comprehensive and forward-looking European policy towards India, and this is taking shape.
Should it deviate from this in any way, we will then revert to our rights under the Treaty.
Radiation in the work place is dangerous, and there is a need for common European rules.
UKIP supports the concept of impact assessments but only if they are truly independent, have real teeth (such that the Commission has to take note of them) and are conducted at the national level to avoid producing a bland one-size-fits-all which will not enable national governments to assess the impact on their countries with sufficient accuracy.
We should keep matters separate, or else Prime Minister Leterme will have to comment on the new media law in Hungary, and I do not believe that that is his responsibility.
For the most part, the report follows up the modifications to the process of appointing the President of the Commission which are contained in the Amsterdam Treaty.
(RO) Mr President, one essential condition for a complete waiver of visas between the Russian Federation and the European Union is fulfilment of the commitments made through the 2007 agreement.
I shall now give the floor to Mr Watson, the chairman of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.
Ukraine is not alone in this respect, but it must demonstrate its unconditional determination to introduce more comprehensive and more inclusive reforms if it wants to move closer to the EU.
These three simple concepts – more rights, more democracy and more openness – explain why this Constitution should be ratified.
And an essential condition is to reach a fair agreement on Agenda 2000 so that no government or country is the winner.
I am thinking, for example, of how much we need it in my own country, not least because we believe that passengers should not be placed in different categories just because of the rail company they use.
In addition, it will apply to civil procedures on parental authority for the children of both spouses undergoing matrimonial proceedings.
I do perhaps have one regret concerning the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators: our wish would have been to create a strong, independent agency that is capable of taking decisions without the support of our body.
This is a classic case where the principle of subsidiarity is substantially inapplicable.
The ability to travel freely is, along with education, perhaps the most important tool that we can offer the new generations, of whom we expect so much commitment to the democratisation process throughout the region.
I do not wish to take the same position as Mephisto, but, in any event, I should warn against cutting spending in this area in comparison with other countries.
Fifthly, there must be no internal duties, so no payments by so-called importers and exporters - which are in any case an odd concept in an internal market - and there must be no distance-related tariffs.
   Madam President, promoting trade and economic cooperation provides a proper objective of this report, but economic growth in Latin America can only be sustained by rigid adherence to the rule of law and respect for human rights.
The Commission will endeavour, for all these specific guidelines, to quantify the data and to obtain specific information based on the implementation of the new Community framework for 2000 to 2006.
The rapporteur has considered some fundamental issues relating to employment, which at the current time – a time of obsession over economic growth – are often overlooked, and these include the issues of equal opportunity for men and women, access to employment for young and old people, health and safety at work and freedom of movement for workers throughout the Union.
In this way, we can proceed in a very straightforward manner, building on the Regulations adopted in 2006.
That question calls for reflection, for debate and, if necessary, for action.
So we need this proposal from the Commission, and everybody should agree and it should go through.
If the voices remain the voices of individual countries, as they have been thus far, they will carry even less weight at the world summit.
Israel needs to talk with Hamas, to negotiate, because the previous methods have not worked.
   – Mr President—in-Office of the Council, I do believe that it is essential that the Italian Presidency, on behalf of the European Union and its Member States of course, presents a motion for a resolution to the United Nations General Assembly calling for the adoption of a universal moratorium on death penalties.
Then we would all be talking about the same subject and this would be helpful in establishing that we really are speaking about the same thing.
I have seen situations where a large number of people from a particular sector, which is well financed by the Union, seem to be able continuously to get away with violations of our rules and regulations on the spending of money.
This report, therefore, constitutes our demand for the transposition of all the internal market directives, inconsistent implementation of which distorts competition and costs us growth and jobs.
Thank you for your constructive suggestion.
The scientific reports say that all of them pose a risk to health and that one of them both causes cancer and aggravates it, and you dare to say in all seriousness, Sir Leon, that now there should be greater transparency.
Fortunately, we are able – and this is also topic of discussion here – to do a great deal within the parameters of the European Treaties.
But it is clear that the problems addressed by the Constitution have not gone away.
Since these amendments introduce recitals and not additional provisions, which would be unacceptable due to the lack of a legal base, I feel I can support them.
Electricity producers must be able to determine the prices at which they wish to sell.
That being said, our general track record and ability to trace and document is quite good.
It will help make the world a safer place.
The excuse of a so-called "healthy environment" for companies and investments is being used to endorse the greed of big business, with a total disregard for the economic and social consequences, the uncertainty and insecurity of the working classes and the huge financial burden which they have to shoulder.
Madam President, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, we as the European Free Alliance are in favour of enlargement.
I do not wish to digress here, but I must say I am struck by the notion of condemning the death of an adult citizen, even if that person is guilty of a heinous crime, whereas the life of an unborn baby is not deemed worthy of protection.
Despite the fact that, with the application of Articles 4 and 5 of the Television without Frontiers Directive on the future of European policy in the audiovisual sector, positive steps have been made, there is nonetheless still concern about broadcasting quotas for European programmes, which remain low, making competition with other productions, especially from the United States, difficult to impossible.
At the same time, the context of this proposal reveals the agonizing inadequacy of the provisions on fundamental civil rights contained in the Treaty on Union.
Much of what they earn is not spent on further development but on paying back old debts.
In this respect, I regret that Members have once again shown ostracism, a few days ago, by excluding on principle the national parliaments from control of the euro.
I am sure this time will not be wasted.
That is the political strategy of the extreme right in this House.
Fourth, delisting persists and one-way products that are not an individual solution are not to be found on the shelves of certain stores.
I call on the President of the European Parliament to lift this ban, which does no credit to our Parliament and which conflicts with the principle of freedom of expression.
Otherwise, in spite of us, there really will be hard times ahead for our tobacco growers.
The starting point is indisputable but many views, including my own, differ as to the quantification of the state of stocks.
As with so much in this field, these conclusions should be seen as just a start.
Recommendation (A5-0097/2003) by Demetrio Volcic, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy on the application by the Republic of Slovenia to become a member of the European Union (AA-AFNS 1-6 - C5-0123/2003 - 2003/0901H(AVC)) and
I thank the Commissioner for his reply but I have to say that farmers in my constituency say to me they have grave doubts about the validity of statistics in other countries of the European Union which are very low compared with the United Kingdom.
(ET) Mr President, I also voted in favour of this report, because it establishes uniform and binding requirements on quality and standards for human organs used in transplants in all the Member States, and thus guarantees the protection of donors and recipients while, at the same time, enhancing cooperation between the Member States.
With regard to the honourable Member's second question, I would refer to my analysis of the Free Trade Agreement in my original answer.
This is the reason why I would today like to thank Mr Menrad for his work on this issue as well as his commitment to worker participation.
Mr Dick Marty, the Council of Europe rapporteur, also presented a second report in July this year.
This is even more worrying because it is precisely because of this false dichotomy that we have lost so far.
We will therefore have to pay a ransom for having the right to use - and this is still on a provisional basis - a fundamental competence that we ourselves foolishly abandoned when we signed the Treaty of Amsterdam.
Then, as I mentioned earlier, I asked my people to go down there and this took some time.
Kellett-Bowman report (A4-0092/98)
Does the Council agree that State aid is important to promote European culture?
But I recognise that, given the state of deterioration of fishing stocks it is natural that the whole balance of the process of initiating these issues begins by setting our sights very high.
At the end of 1996 the BBC reported that in the United Kingdom a quarter of all fish reaches the shore illegally.
We must ensure that this gap is reduced.
In the first half of the year, it was Mr Böge, and in the second, Mr Lamassoure.
In the opinion of the Council it important to focus more on the financial mechanisms of the fight against climate change.
So, in order to combat both, we must create this area of freedom, security and justice with a shared objective: to defeat them, arresting and bringing to justice the instigators and authors of these crimes and by matching our tactics, and also our strategy, to the size, the context and the structure of each terrorist organisation.
Question No 9 by María Izquierdo Rojo (H-0738/02):
Balance, as you know, is a gift of the elderly and pensioners, and this is why I was delighted to vote for this balanced report drafted by Mr Podestà, who I feel deserves, precisely because of this balance, to become - and I hope he will - the future President of the European Parliament because, as we know, balance is the most important virtue of the president of a parliament.
It works for all modes of transport, because these trans-European networks do not only include the elements I have indicated.
We in the PPE Group therefore wish to reject the amendments tabled by the committee responsible.
Mr President, in the parliamentary tradition from which I come, we were not confined to minutes, we were very often asked at a short notice to run down to the chamber and talk for an hour or so, on every sort of insignificant subject.
The entire Polish elite was massacred by the Red Army in order to prevent the Polish people from joining together and creating their own independent State.
That is in the natural order of things but it is important that these disagreements be conducted in an atmosphere of mutual respect.
According to estimates by UNICEF, 200 000 children a year are sold in order to work on plantations in west and central Africa.
   . – European citizens do not like the political code words used by the experts.
An interesting phenomenon in this connection is that quite a few current reform-minded people were once advocates of the power system they now denounce.
As the fight for sexual equality and de facto recognition of the rights of half the population on planet Earth steps up, so does violence against women.
This brings them into unfair competition with the sole and plaice caught by Dutch fishermen.
In addition, I think it is very important that research be carried out on the quality of materials used for soundproofing so as to ensure that the products used are environmentally friendly.
A number of Member States with high economic growth are facing an overstrained labour market and rising inflation.
I am of the same view as Mrs Corbey that material-specific recycling targets should not be put forward.
In practical terms this procedure is based on an assessment of the possible risks to health and to the environment if the GMOs in question were to be introduced.
Their numbers have not only diminished as a result of illness or pollution of the sea water along densely-populated coasts, but also by the increasing hunt for them.
Finally, the disagreements which have cropped up could be solved if we make a joint effort and try to bring about a solution to the differences between the parties involved. We must unanimously back the assessment made by the European Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee which has carried out such a good piece of work.
Indeed, it has reinforced the perception across Europe that institutions like the Commission are too self-serving.
The European Commission should increase the budgetary allocations for the ESF in order to provide adequate resources for measures to improve education and training for improving labour market access and combating unemployment and measures and activities under the Social Inclusion Strategy and the EU 2020 flagship initiative on combating poverty and social exclusion in favour of disadvantaged and vulnerable persons, especially women, including those confronted with precarious and insecure contracts.
Under important instruments proposed by the Commission - like the Schengen Border Code, Eurodac, SIS, VIS - the use of unjustified ethnic profiling techniques is not authorised.
I do not believe that it is worth wasting much time replying to criminal asses.
The first stipulates that Europol' s mandate may be extended to all serious forms of organised crime already listed in the Annex to the Convention in accordance with the priorities established by the Council upon the proposal of Europol' s management board.
The grubbing up regulation now proposed is considerably better than previous regulations.
We can see how dialogue works in the wake of the agreement with Turkey.
Today it will be decided whether the EU should reserve for itself, in a centralist way, the process of defining and regulating what constitutes a family, or whether in the first place the concept of a nuclear family, which is common to all Member States, should be taken as a basis, with regulations going any further than that being at Member States' discretion.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (PT) Mr President, what we have just heard from the current President of the Council proves that this is going to be yet another wasted opportunity to put on the agenda some of the serious economic and social problems that need changes in policy and responses on the part of the Community institutions: for example, the unequal distribution of income, increased job insecurity and the poverty in which nearly 80 million people live, including increasing numbers of workers on low pay and fewer rights, old people with negligible pensions, and women and children being denied fundamental human rights.
As a consequence, the control system provides insufficient assurance on farmer compliance'.
We have therefore prepared ourselves well and we need the support of our partners in the Council.
It really is surprising, to put it mildly, that just when Parliament is dealing with an opinion on a particular issue as a prelude to a Council decision, the Council is embarking on an entirely new procedure about which it is clear that the Commission and Parliament know nothing.
At the moment when one, only one approval will suffice for each type of vehicle so that it could be released on the European Union market, EU member-states should open up for hydrogen-driven vehicles.
Is it not time to more thoroughly assess the meaning of such a report?
I think the Commission knows it will have a legal problem on its hands.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (NL) Mr President, I should like to start by adding my heartfelt compliments and thanks to the rapporteur, who has done a fantastic job.
rapporteur. - Mr President, I am delighted to be able to open our debate today on my report about emissions from light commercial vehicles (LCVs).
This Constitution, as I said, is the product of agreement; it is precisely what the European Union cultivates, a culture of cohesion and compromise.
Now that a revolution in Kyrgyzstan is underway, we should capitalise on it.
The public actually needs to know that just as opinion outside is divided, so too is this House.
Finland, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Sweden have done particularly badly.
We will have national budgets in a mood of further cuts.
I would like to reiterate my support for what was said in the debate with the Commission this morning: our Solidarity Fund must be more flexible.
As for the fourth common space, which is Research, Education and Culture, the Summit should welcome the first Permanent Partnership Council on Research, which took place in Slovenia in May.
The second is to contribute to the anti-terrorist coalition formed under the aegis of the United Nations.
Investment must, therefore, be made in programmes that have contributed towards a balanced relationship between the various levels of decision-making.
If we look at the entire chain of measures, we can see that we will need scientific advice, risk assessment, risk management and control, including control of the control bodies in the Member States.
The fact that Tunisia acts badly cannot be allowed to justify others also acting badly.
What this really relates to, however, is CO2 policy and sustainability policy in this world.
Irrespective of the decision taken on 1 May, this issue would have to be referred back to national governments for further discussion.
It showed that if we do not have proper controls over every aspect of the food chain, not just from farm to fork but from fork back to farm, we can have huge problems.
There are also two long-term objectives which I have mentioned in my report, and which I want to drawn your attention to.
I will end by saying that this concludes a process in which Europe has been constructed with passion and with good sense, and this has led it to change history.
Citizenship may be less fashionable than the more technocratic sounding 'governance' , but there are no technical solutions to the deep gulf between the rulers and ruled in Europe.
For these reasons I therefore voted against Mr Becsey's report.
You may wonder how all this could be achieved.
Prime Minister, President-in-Office, José Sócrates, Mr Durão Barroso and Mrs Grybauskaitė, please accept our sincere thanks.
ii. the entire legislative framework, which facilitates the use and expansion of GMOs;
We would all benefit from prices being established in a market of free competition and not, as is happening now, in accordance with a monopolistic situation in a market which to be honest is less than transparent.
To this end, we believe the following approach will be necessary: firstly, stressing the Commission’s key role, which ought to be focused on defining development priorities, on the consistency of operations with those priorities and on monitoring the effectiveness of implementing systems, while responsibility for implementing and managing operations should be devolved to the Member States; secondly, being straightforward, clear and precise, and, in connection with this simplification objective, it would therefore appear vital to combine the funds and entrust management of the single fund to a single Commission department; thirdly, provide for programming arrangements to be decided upon in the context of a partnership between the Commission and the Member State concerned; fourthly, give the monitoring committee a greater role, so that decisions on the programme and programme changes can be taken over by the monitoring committee; and, lastly, maintain the incentive measures for effective implementation of operations, such as the n+2 automatic decommitment rule and the reserve for rewarding positive performance.
If the amendments imply that the patent would have to be translated in its entirety into all official Community languages which soon will be either 19 or 20, depending on whether Maltese becomes an official language, this would make the patent so expensive that the Community patent system would simply not be used.
Naturally, the same goes for Hizbollah's rocket attacks on northern Israel.
It is without doubt a unique success on the part of the European Parliament.
This, however, can only be achieved by the transparency of the decisions of the European Central Bank and by their democratic legitimization.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this report seeks to express the European Parliament's position on the Commission communication on options for the plant protein sector, given the two million tonne increase in the shortfall resulting from the ban on the use of animal meal in the European Union.
The Commission is of the opinion that the actual market situation in this sector made it necessary to propose at least a minimal set of rules and that, under those circumstances, the chances of succeeding this time were fairly good.
They represent a part of my country which is spending or partly spending some £3 million in all as a country to bring bathing water up to the standards of the 1976 directive.
(SV) Mr President, the vote on Thursday is the end of a long process with important contributions from many quarters.
It is the only thing we can do now, before the referendum.
The European Union's importance as an international player has also become evident at the numerous Interregional Conferences such as the Latin American Summit in Rio, the Mediterranean Conference held in Stuttgart, a platform which can now gain considerably in importance against the background of a new peace dynamic, the ASEM in Berlin and many other meetings.
   I am sorry, you are wrong.
He displayed great personal commitment to ensure that the European Union spoke with one voice and a determination - even if sometimes a grim determination - to reach agreement.
Much advertising goes well beyond the erotic to the pornographic with overtones of violence and sadism.
Mr President, Commissioner, the regulation on the Structural Funds, which covers the ESF, the ERDF and the EAGGF, stipulates a commitment to the achievement of equality of opportunities.
Ladies and gentlemen, when we, in our present situation, consider what is happening tonight, we have to get to the root causes of it.
If you would not dare to try it nationally, please do not attempt it at European level.
We must work to create a pluralistic world that keeps its aptitude for creation intact and that can give rise to the new and to diversity.
What action does the Council intend to take in response, and how could this situation come about in the first place?
Wednesday:
There is a debate going on in Greece between those in favour and those against, because they think there should be water in the Thessalia valley and that the agricultural resources there should be exploited.
I disagree very strongly with that view.
We all know why.
Our appeal to you is to use all the skills of the Presidency to deliver a budgetary perspective.
In addition, we will be closely watching the parliamentary elections set for September 2008.
(PL) Madam President, consumers as well as farmers have every right to ask us politicians what is going on.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, first of all I would like to thank the Commission for the communication on the future of the textile and clothing industry, which has been published at a time when the sector is very worried about the final elimination of the import quota system on 1 January 2005 in view of the competitive pressure from developing countries – countries which also have a large export capacity – which could lead to the closure of many companies and consequently to job losses.
I agree with the rapporteur that a focal monitoring centre for maritime security should be set up. Such a centre would be a point of contact between the Commission and Member States as regards monitoring the measures contained in this regulation.
It is pointless to deny that a veritable race is going on between the various continents in the area of electronic commerce.
We must once again raise the issue of protecting workers from modern-day slave trading.
These should undergo the necessary impact assessments and scrutiny, and should not be a shot from the hip, which could be counterproductive, increasing the barriers to entry into the markets and the risk of more conservative ratings, with subsequent effects on the real economy and lending.
Mr President, on a point of order, under Rules 173, 19(1), 161 and 171, the decision by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs which you cited a moment ago represents, I am sorry to say, the moment at which this Parliament departs from any pretence of legality or the rule of law.
Our criticism of the treaty is not only by way of a protest but is chiefly constructive in nature.
It is very clear that one of the great successes of the Montreal Protocol has been that the rate of depletion of the ozone layer has decreased in recent years.
I have just listened to the UK National Farmers' Union address the meeting of our Agriculture and Rural Development Committee and I thank them for attending.
In Denmark we do not believe that European legislation is necessary, but we are pleased that in this way we can put the subject on the agenda in the EU.
in writing. - (EL) The debate on the exchange between Member States and the Commission of knowledge and experience about the management systems of each state will not provide special data enabling common management measures to be taken.
I would like to assure you once again that the Commission will do everything in its power to help the people and the administration in Madeira to cope with this terrible event.
The 1995 directive lays down that the travelling time of animals may not amount to more than eight hours.
The Greek Government was forced to admit that legislative loopholes and policy failure were partly the cause of the devastating fires.
I should like to thank you for the support you have given to the document prepared by the Commission and I want to reaffirm in this Chamber, before you and Mr Blair, that we want to help find a solution to the budget issue, because if we truly want to show that Europe is moving forward, then we need to have a decision on the financial perspectives.
The human body is not patentable; only products created by Man can be patentable.
So we can clearly see the care needed in addressing the situation in Turkey.
Today it is the flag-bearer of social Europe.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the directive on the approximation of the laws of the Member States with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road, which entered into force on 1 January 1997, contains a number of transitional provisions which are only valid for a limited period of time, the term of validity being linked to the completion of specific standardisation work by the CEN, that is the European Committee for Standardisation.
These are clearly issues which come under the first pillar.
Financing for the EIT's networks of Knowledge and Innovation Communities (KICs) is also, in principle, open.
I would urge the European Commission to keep an eye on this, because it has sometimes gone wrong in the past.
The truth is that it is planning to turn Palestine into a Bantustan.
Firstly, we believe that this is not an opportune moment to think about additional own resources in the midst of the worst financial crisis in the last 70 years.
There is no need to define this disaster; it has already taken place, which is why the European Parliament is calling for emergency aid of EUR 1 billion for the flood area.
I would like to answer another question concerning the application of Article 139 of the Treaty.
We should recall that United Nations monitoring and observer forces have been in the Middle East for 50 years and they have singularly failed to prevent either conflict or terrorism.
One thing, of course, she has quite clearly emphasised is the importance of the subsidiarity principle. Nonetheless, resources must also be invested at European level.
Science has not yet established clearly and conclusively that there is a direct link between these chemical substances and changes in the endocrine balance in humans.
We want to see more effective use of funds and we do not want to see them duplicating what we do in mainstream funds or in the P & R programme but giving added value to work that is going on.
The first is the occasion on which you appointed a group of ‘wise men’ around Mr Dehaene who, intelligently enough, had proposed that our documents be divided into two parts and that our common policies be revised to reflect the majority opinion.
It has set a unilateral target, it is introducing a cap-and-trade system and it is very ambitious about the medium- and long-term targets.
Political prisoners, including members of parliament, are still in Turkish prisons, among them Leyla Zana.
On the one hand, I am personally delighted with the reinforcement of the role of the national parliaments and the national executives through the so-called flexibility clause.
   Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Coelho for his work in bringing this report before Parliament.
The President of the Council also talked of the agreements and of course he also had in mind the complaints that have been made about their implementation.
It is all very easy to stand there and say: "The framework you have established is pure nonsense, we can just sweep it aside, because we need more."
Libya is abandoning its nuclear weapons programme.
Another principle that must be common to all of us is the primacy of safety - not only safety in the energy production process but also, of course, safe final disposal and, what is very important in today's world, where the significance of the global dimension is constantly growing, the non-proliferation of nuclear technology that can be used for military purposes.
Because a transaction tax, just like every tax, aims to reduce the volume of what is taxed, and I do not see a benefit in reducing the amount of international trade because we have seen the consequences when that has happened.
In terms of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA), the Commission has immediately suspended all further technical meetings with Uzbekistan.
Energy policy must not become a part of environment policy, since in that case the two other objectives of energy policy, namely security of supply and price competition, will be made subordinate to the environment objective and of course we do not want that.
In other words, we need closer cooperation and pressure on the Nigerian Government and President Obasanjo so that the Constitution and laws are applied in the country.
If you look at the Lomé agreement, it is enormously complex, with very complex channels of funding, and we are all agreed that they have got to be simplified.
Energy security should constitute one of the cornerstones of the Neighbourhood Policy.
This was the reason for the delay, for the long consultation period, and in the end the Commission had to submit a new proposal.
In order for this process to work properly, we have to have transparency, clarity, certainty and the clear involvement of postal customers and consumers.
However, it must be said that the definition and application of the principle does not and cannot serve the single purpose of calling for competence for certain subjects to be given to the Member States alone, for there is also a conflicting, appropriate need to provide the Union, in the face of great national differences and oversights, with a basic definition of these subjects wherever they have any significant implications for the Community as a whole.
Finally, I am glad that a clear signal has been given to the European Patent Office in Munich.
The Laotian Government, however, continues to stamp out any peaceful demonstrations, such as the one held on 26 October 1999 and, more recently, on 17 November 2000.
B5-0266/2000 by Mr Swoboda and Mr Sakellariou on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists;
Furthermore, the proposal is in line with the approximation of provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States which have as their aim the establishment and operation of the internal market.
Often the agency jobs are lower-skilled jobs, so those nurses do not even have the advantage of gaining specialist skills while they are in Europe.
Of the main starting objectives, the financial perspectives were not adopted.
With this move, the Czech political class did a disservice both to its own country and to Europe.
We also believe that there is good reason to highlight the need for political control over the ECB within the framework of the independence demanded by its operations.
Let us look at solutions.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, allow me to thank the Committee on Budgetary Control and, in particular, the rapporteur, Mr Liberadzki, and his fellow rapporteurs on the reports they have produced and for the recommendations to grant the discharge to the Commission for the 2008 financial year.
This is exactly the right time to evaluate the failures of the last seven years of Doha talks and to re-establish a common and fairer agenda, together with a more open and democratic process, which can be fully supported by all WTO members and especially the least developed among them.
I voted against the resolution tabled by the European right, as it promotes an ultraliberal vision of the EU's trade relations with India.
This should be nurtured and supported by all of us.
I hope this is the beginning of better cooperation between the police and home affairs authorities on the one hand and the health and social authorities on the other.
Trading system and internationally recognised standards
(asking Mr Madlener a blue-card question under Rule 149(8)) Mr President, the tragic outcome of the Egyptian transition to democracy has been described.
The Commission is now working on a proposal for a decision on the funding of the Socrates programme for the next two years, and we count on Parliament's support.
In my view, we need to support Prime Minister Fino's coalition government, in all of its political demands, because today that government is the only body we can talk to that is able to administer Albania. And, in that context, in my opinion, President Berisha would do well to shoulder his responsibilities and make an effective contribution to finding a political solution to the crisis in Albania, particularly by making available his own office in the interest of national reconciliation, to encourage fresh elections.
We do need to be careful however: our farmers must not end up working as underpaid landscape gardeners, leaving us dependent on imports of food and agricultural commodities from third countries, products subject to far less stringent requirements than those imposed on our farmers.
The Commission, moreover, is presently financing EU consultants through the Tacis programme to help Ukrainian organizations gather the data which it has to submit according to Euratom and EBRD procedures for financiers.
Besides, we do not yet know what economic benefits these structural reforms will bring to the European Union and we have no idea what impact they will have on employment policy.
The question came from grass roots level and on this basis we have already spent a long time working on creating a good Community framework.
For my part, I find that the resolution we have before us is, at best, a resolution with as low a profile as it is possible to have.
I believe this message must be heeded.
On the content itself, the key issue for us is that the level of protection must not be lowered. This leads me on to point out that, on the amendments regarding classification, the crucial shortcoming of the proposal is that there are no guidelines on how classification should be approached, hence individuals are allowed considerable latitude to classify as they see fit.
Therefore, in my capacity as Member of this Parliament, I voted in favour of this report.
We must ensure that, through the modification of this regulation, a rapid and effective response can be given to those disasters which the Member States are unable to tackle on their own, by extending the current eligibility to industrial disasters, acts of terrorism and public health emergencies, not forgetting such an important issue as the severe droughts which are occurring increasingly often, particularly in certain Mediterranean areas.
Why?
One practical way is also to ease the bureaucratic rules for applying for European funds.
It has been a thorough and extensive exercise and we propose to withdraw about one-third of the 183 pending proposals.
It has been my privilege to handle it on behalf of Parliament and I commend it to this House for support tomorrow.
In more general terms, it is regrettable that all - and I mean all - the Union institutions succumbed to a sort of bulimia, which meant that a number of areas of activity were considerably extended: regional structural aid, external actions, the MED, PHARE and TACIS programmes, emergency humanitarian aid, reconstruction programmes for the former Yugoslavia, upgrading of nuclear power stations in Eastern Europe, and so on - I am sorry to say that this list is not exhaustive - without the structures and administrative procedures being adapted to deal with these new responsibilities and without any kind of financial control worthy of the name.
According to the Amsterdam Treaty, Member States consider the promotion of employment as a matter of common interest, with the Community contributing to the achievement of a high level of employment, encouraging Member States to cooperate with one another, supporting and, where necessary, supplementing their actions.
This is further evidence that the present structure is getting us nowhere, and it is further evidence that without the Constitution we cannot fulfil our duties to our citizens, because we lack the appropriate structures.
   We are going to have a very long and complex vote on REACH.
You must understand that I would first of all like to be fully aware of the Turkish Minister for Foreign Affair's comments before being able to comment on them myself.
In the same way, Germany has come up with all the aces where exports are concerned and, in common with other European Union countries, has demonstrated that, even with high salary costs and a system of social protection that is among the most efficient in Europe and among the most extensive in the world, it can remain competitive internationally.
He says that the path taken by the US has been historically discredited.
This makes the highly personal issues relating to a person's sex life into politicised acts, even if it is through public demonstration of one's homosexuality, for example through so-called 'love parades'.
An article in the Israeli newspaper, , by Gideon Levi, who is an amazing journalist, tells of how, in order to cross the road, children have to squeeze through the gaps in the concrete: their thin bodies get through but their schoolbags do not and they throw them over to the other side.
Military implementation would then be the responsibility of NATO and its partners, but politically and economically, the European Union would continue to also have the key role to play, long after, in such a scenario, NATO and the United Nations had finished playing their major roles.
Rules can be interpreted in different ways: the Council’s Legal Service interpreted them in one way and the Council interpreted them in another way.
These positive examples, however, do not mean that we can take our eye off the ball, and we must be aware that maybe the most challenging issue lies ahead of us: solving the difficult situation of the Roma community throughout Europe.
If each SME had one more employee, unemployment would cease in Europe.
I have seen many refugees in my life.
I am interested in what our rapporteur Mr Brinkhorst has said to us about the difficulties in implementation of programmes.
I have no right to second-guess scientists.
I am not at all surprised by the developments in the Conference.
I think that we also agree on basic objectives, such as the reduction of development disparities, the fight against unemployment and of course the need for sustained development.
It is right that we should focus on the way in which counterfeiting is growing between the Member States, within the single market, as well as beyond the frontiers of the European Union.
A transitional period has formed part of every enlargement of the EU, and every enlargement has been dominated by major fears, and these fears have, in every instance, failed to materialise.
Everything must urgently be done to ensure the protection of the populations at a time when the number of MONUC soldiers present on the ground means that it is not always possible to curb this increase in violence.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
Benchmarking can help the Member States to make decisions in order to develop a sound and decent social protection system, particularly now when a number of factors are placing increasing pressure on the system, such as the growth in the number of people of retirement age and the number of one-person households.
The figures speak for themselves.
The historic nature of this task calls on us, I think, to refrain from taking a grocer-shop approach to the cost of that enlargement.
Mr President, I think it is vital that both Mr Lang and Mrs Hautala's reports be approved.
We have fought for this not on our own behalf, but - and we must never forget this - on behalf of the citizens of Europe, their rights and a more effective and simpler process for citizens to become involved in Europe.
The joint debate is closed.
For months on end the British government has been crippling the Council, and it is going to go on doing so.
In the dictionary this word means complete distortion.
This being the case, I was very surprised to hear Mr Pedersen advocating that we should now establish a single FSA type solution, even before the matter has been discussed.
. (FR) This is one of the fundamental issues to which the very notion of compromise has no relevance and which presents us with radical choices.
You are therefore considering whether you should say that at least 50% must in future go to these alternatives, because my home city of Berlin argues, for example, that EU funds should not be spent on local public transport.
He has good connections with Turkey, and these are drawing him slowly over to our side, at a time when, on the other side - i.e. from the direction of Iran - a serious threat to Central Asia is becoming apparent.
I have just returned and I should have liked to deliver a report on events there and the various meetings I had.
The proposal for a regulation is an expression of the fact that the EU is in a position to take action, but not to reflect.
I will do it in English.
This is one industry, but the entire world economy suffered as a result.
You could call it a renewable contribution.
This should enable us to propose solutions that reflect real-life conditions, which can be measured using credible data relating to gender equality.
The 1994 Directive had actually designated 1999 as the revision date.
In other words, if we fail in a future debate to give regions and nations a place in Europe, we in fact further separatism.
From Rome to Maastricht it was recognised that we needed a cohesion policy geared to strengthening the less favoured regions of the Union, thus substantially pursuing the same purpose - a homogeneous common market.
It is that lesson which the French Government, in the wake of other governments, is courageously trying to put into practice.
Finally, I it is worth underlining, according to Mrs. del Castillo Vera own-initiative report, that there is indeed an urgent need to better harmonise the coordination and the cooperation between the different national strategies if we really want to raise Europe's growth and employment potential.
Mention is made of suspicions surrounding practices which are currently the subject of an inquiry that the public prosecutor has been asked to carry out.
Despite our efforts to secure the future of European farmers and promote important European trade interests, one of the most important objectives of the European proposals made in January for the WTO negotiations is that in the current negotiating round non-trade-related matters - such as food safety or the protection of designations of origin, or animal and environmental protection - be treated on an equal footing.
Not only are more people regularly being injured in mine-related accidents, but mines are restricting access to the fields and other villages. This makes it very difficult for people to earn a living.
The debate is closed.
Firstly, we have to protect people's health and, secondly, we have to make information available to the public to give the consumer the opportunity to decide whether or not to purchase something which may be harmful to health.
I believe that Romania has entirely demonstrated good will in its cooperation and has supplied the Commission and European Parliament with all the necessary information, as well as with all the results of the investigations carried out on this matter.
With that in mind, let us go to work together!
The Commission is relying on endogenous growth and it is a leap of faith which I fear many European citizens will not make.
I should like to stress that the Staff Regulations permit the use of an age limit but do not require it.
We therefore require at least preparatory studies to establish what kind of legislation we need.
For example, the new criteria for the establishment of private offices and more transparency in relations with the European Parliament and public opinion.
A situation which has until now been held in a vegetative status quo, which may be considered nonetheless as the lesser evil.
It must become merely the executive arm of the Council.
We held many meetings with representatives of political parties and citizen organisations and we also met with the interim president, Roza Otumbayeva.
I have also closely followed the various rounds of the committee's discussion of the proposal.
I would like to thank the other members of the Committee on Budgets and, of course, the other committees' budget policy experts as well.
The long list of reports requested but not received, contained in the Annex to Mr Blak's report, speaks for itself.
Wage formation is not, and should not be, an EU competence.
Intensification of integration and reform processes in the armaments sector also enhances the effectiveness of the European Security and Defence Policy, however.
This is matched by the claim that the committee wants to enhance democratic control over this fast-moving area.
We have made huge progress with this Regulation, but quite a few aspects still need defending. The initial evaluation will take place at the end of this year, and I hope to be involved in this again.
It is, however, also a principle of our development assistance that it should be partner-country-led and contribute to the national development plans.
To touch on the points raised by Mrs Lulling, we have an existing legislative framework and we will ensure that it is implemented properly.
WRITTEN DECLARATION (RULE 120)
I am sorry to say, however, that a great deal has happened out there.
It is always difficult to find words of consolation for these sad occasions and silence is sometimes more telling.
They are countries of origin and transit for illegal immigration.
When elephants fight, the grass is trampled underfoot.
We think we have taken a significant step towards an intelligent pact.
Social fundamental rights form part and parcel of traditional fundamental rights.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, we share Parliament's outrage at the increasing number of attacks in Tanzania against the albino population and at the abhorrent and illegal trade in albino body parts linked to traditional medicine, to superstition and to the practices of witch doctors.
Therefore, let us stop demonising certain companies which actually have the industrial expertise and have shown that they can operate efficiently.
The question is quite simply how can the financial markets help to reduce the costs that they have incurred for states, societies and the economy?
For example, there are too many exceptions and too much uncertainty concerning the exceptions that are to apply.
Knowing the options that exist in matters European, we can gauge what that must have cost it.
We certainly need a specialized unit which Members can use as a resource, which can be the reciprocal point in Parliament's structure where we can go for advice and help and also gather a body of information regarding children's rights, or shall we say the lack of them, as the case may be.
In its communication, the Commission quite rightly noted the major changes which are currently taking place in the economy and civil society of China.
Mr President, the contents of the directive and of the report on safety inspections for third country aircraft were not at issue in the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
It is now more essential than ever to have a true European common security policy.
My Group will vote for censure.
For us there is no doubt that the approval of the agreement is the option that will substantially improve the welfare of animals and preserve the wider interests of the European Union.
Money set aside for information on the EU is all too often used for persuasive advertising, without presenting all the sides of an issue.
When that paper came out we saw it as a challenge to change.
However, there are areas of SOLVIT's activities, which may still be improved both in Lithuania and other countries.
I hope we do not get bogged down, for example, in whether it is to be eight or nine hours.
   The next item is the report (A5-0040/2004) by Giorgos Katiforis, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the role and methods of credit rating agencies (2003/2081(INI)).
I very much welcome a regulation to extend the efforts of vehicle manufacturers to improve passive measures for pedestrian protection - for which, my particular thanks - by using active vehicle components.
That is not going to be possible, but at least we are on the road.
Yet we calmly continue discussing the notion of politicians’ immunity.
Regarding the European Commission' s proposal, there could be no question of the Union for a Europe of Nations Group' s accepting sharing responsibility for the decision on discharge.
While the Financial Perspective for 2007-2013 reduces the Union's capacity to act in almost all fields, paradoxically, the money available to us for our solidarity with the developing world is not being reduced, but rather it is increasing slightly.
The proposed package will certainly contribute to this harmonization as regards the control of access to the profession but it could not guarantee a sufficient degree of harmonization by itself.
The cost of such procedures will of course be borne only by two groups: farmers and consumers.
The Commission's objective is to improve the Works Council Directive and to do so within this parliamentary term, and all the deadlines naturally depend on this.
We are currently debating a directive here in Parliament, and I call on the Council to stop blocking a European regulation on company pensions at long last.
This has to be the best way Europe can assist the Russia of the future.
More than a year later, we still have no proposal.
Under these conditions, we cannot pretend to be astonished that those under threat of unemployment and poverty choose early retirement.
The reinforcement or even the preservation of the constitutional state and democracy in the European Union is determined to a large extent by the situation in the countries surrounding us and those further away.
He can deal with Mr Byrne' s reports in this regard.
He was killed just a week ago, the first UK reservist to be killed in this conflict.
I do not understand that.
I have taken note of the various important comments made and, of course, I shall pass them on to my colleague who, I am sure, will take them into serious account.
Therefore, in drawing up our strategies, we should be focusing on promoting continuing vocational training in small- and medium-sized enterprises and creating new opportunities for writing off emerging costs and ensuring that higher net wages will ultimately become possible for our employees.
The European Union must make a strong political commitment with the political authorities of the countries involved and must carry out joint action with the United Nations.
It is, therefore, of the greatest importance to tackle this problem.
Aung San Suu Kyi has spent thirteen years under arrest without being charged, which is against the law even in Burma.
2.
I would add my thanks, in particular, to Parliament for its tenacity and ambition, since the Council’s first reaction was more worthy of obsessive accountants than of politicians aware of the historic challenge facing us: the greatest and most difficult enlargement ever undergone as part of the project of European integration.
We should bear in mind that the volume of packaging on the market also depends on the quantity of products sold, not just on the materials used in their manufacture.
I cannot promise you any more than that at the moment, but things are moving and I will also try - although this is not entirely in my hands - to strengthen the taskforce responsible for this matter.
Nevertheless, I would like to make it clear that I personally consider the level of the cuts in intervention prices contained in the Commission proposal to be unacceptable.
In Luxembourg we can boast a high-quality public postal service.
We insist that the price of introducing this is that we lower labour taxes.
These are Amendments Nos 7, 9, 15, 18, 19, 24, 50, 56, 60 and 61, which we accept either in part, in principle or in full.
Market behaviour must rest on sound and objective analysis, and financial services must realise that they are exactly that: a service, not an end in itself.
A debate on what constitutes Europe could provide both direction and clarity in this area.
I have received six motions for resolutions
Because we are expecting a communication from Mr Papoutsis on this very shortly and I look forward to it with great interest.
In Ireland we have seen the benefits flowing from adherence to the Maastricht criteria in terms of our public sector finances.
Action to promote a healthy lifestyle must be taken.
I have referred to that in this House and I have referred to that in the Environment Committee on a number of occasions.
There are two other amendments proposing uniform European standards on the quality of groundwater for important indicators and pollutants.
Unfortunately, the governments of certain Member States of the Union are like Tarzan, King of the Jungle, who has in his hands a limited natural resource - new frequencies.
Although President Obama appears to be more interested in the Pacific than in the Atlantic, from our perspective, we need to place greater focus on Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
The next item is Question Time (B7-0006/2010).
On behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, I should like to stress the importance of our working within this framework in order to combat the discrimination suffered by women and to encourage their participation in all activities and initiatives relating to intercultural dialogue.
I should also like to add that we have three more projects in the pipeline.
During the conciliation procedure, 12 amendments were adopted verbatim or in a form close to the original, which I regard as a positive result.
Mr President, the view shared by virtually all speakers is that the only ray of hope at the moment in Zimbabwe' s anarchy is the fact that elections will be held soon.
Every form of violence leaves a legacy of psychological damage which can only be repaired in rare cases or with difficulty.
In particular, there has been a pleasing demand for vegetable oils in industry as an environmentally friendly fuel and lubricating oil.
I will go on record as supporting the Council's Common Position, which enhances the safety of blood and blood components and, at the same time, puts us on course to achieve maximum availability of lifesaving drugs.
The Weber report, while inadequate for the purpose, is a step in the right direction.
In so doing, however, it does not give any clear specification of objectives or direction to the common foreign and security policy (CFSP).
A Commission communication on this matter is becoming increasingly necessary.
This, however, cannot mean denying the obvious: there is still a long way to go, we still have a lot of work ahead.
He is perfectly correct to insist on the application of that rule, if he should so wish.
That is why, in this debate on how to take this directive further, I am right alongside Mr Jarzembowski, the rapporteur, in his desire to improve the Commission proposal, which, it has to be admitted, was not a good one.
I call on Serbia and the Serbian people to wake up now, to start helping themselves, to help their neighbours, to help the entire region and to join us.
It is a pity that it did not match earlier rhetoric.
It would be nice to be able to talk about such important topics during the daytime for once, instead of tucking them away in the evening.
It is our task to answer them.
The requirements concerning public participation in line with the Århus Convention are to be included in future in relevant Community legislation from the outset.
Serbia lost trustworthiness over past decades, it lost Kosovo through its action against the Albanians of Kosovo, and as a result, Kosovo's independence is inevitable.
There are three issues that I should like to emphasise in the report that they have presented to us.
There is also a very important regional dimension; we must not forget that regions that take their living from the sea, and that lie next to the sea, constitute a very substantial part of our Community.
- Report: Herczog
Examples include a review of Europarl TV to make sure it is effective and is doing its job, and also the call for a long-term building strategy, which is already in place or is at least called for in the future.
The Food Code of the Slovak Republic refers to HACCP as 'Proper Production Practice'.
The President-in-Office has come here to listen to what I have to say - or at least, I hope he has!
For the courts, the Charter is already an important source of reference alongside the ECHR and the constitutional traditions of the Member States.
May I also point out that we have tabled a number of technical amendments which we hope will clarify the scope of the directive, making it easier in future to amend the legislation.
We are of course aware that pentaBDEs, octaBDEs and also decaBDEs are resistant, toxic and also bioaccumulative, since highly brominated flame retardants have been found high up in the food chain. It is within the field of Swedish environmental research that it has been established that decaBDEs too are bioaccumulative.
It says that we should consult before legislating, negotiate before litigating, compensate before retaliating and comply at any rate.
   Mr President, I congratulate the rapporteur Mr Mavrommatis for the hard work he has put into preparing this excellent report.
I also extend my thanks to the shadow rapporteurs who contributed to every stage of the negotiations with constructive and very useful suggestions.
What is most important now is to find a solution to de-escalate the situation in Tripoli and to avoid the eruption of other hot spots in the rest of the country.
(SK) The EU-Russia strategic partnership is an important factor in the area of diversification and security of imports of energy sources into the EU.
It would have a three- fold effect; 1, help stabilise the currency markets; 2, provide substantial funds to help implement the MDG; 3, reclaim part of the democratic space conceded until now to the financial markets.
However, bearing in mind that the European Union has an association agreement with the former, which, moreover, includes a clause for democracy and respect for human rights, and that, in addition, a similar agreement is being negotiated with the Central American region, it is more than justifiable for the European institutions to take sides and make specific commitments regarding this problem.
It is therefore becoming crucial that we encourage regulatory measures which protect citizens as the consumers of banking services, whether we are talking about small or big business or just savers.
- (PL) Mr President, the European Union's intention should be to build stronger and increasingly close relations with Ukraine.
We will continue to address the human rights issue in the dialogue with Cuba, with the authorities there, and we will use this dialogue as a vehicle to press the issue of human rights.
It can only be considered as a lesser evil when every other means of resolving or preventing attacks on human dignity and freedom have failed, and yes, Mr Solana, that was the case in both Iraq and Kosovo.
Europe means equality between all people within the European Union.
Ladies and gentlemen, we can do many things together with Russia, but, as has also been said, there is one aspect of the relationship that we should not forget, since Russia is a European country and a neighbour. That is the need for it to respect human rights and the obligations that its membership of the Council of Europe imposes upon it in that regard.
The fact is that there are too many unresolved issues for us to claim that significant progress has been made on the accession negotiations, which began almost four years ago.
At a time of upheaval in the role of our schools as a training workshop for life, the distribution of subsidised milk ...
If we want targeted and effective projects which have a concrete and substantial impact in needy areas, we should first of all strengthen the initiatives designed to extend the means of disseminating information through modern communications technology.
This amendment has two implications: firstly, not only accepting financing by the Fund of actions to prevent nicotine addiction and of experimental action to encourage tobacco producers to switch to other crops and economic activities, but also maintaining the financing of agronomic research into varieties of tobacco that are less damaging to the environment and to health; and, secondly, increasing the levy on producers' premiums from 2% to 3%, thereby rejecting both the present figure of 2%, and the Commission's proposal of 5%.
While many other countries still have fiscal space, they should not start consolidation before next year - this is to ensure that we do not suffocate the current ongoing economic recovery.
However, it would be well received by farms whose owners are close to retirement age, who would see that it was possible to receive aid by reducing activity to a minimum.
If no action is taken now, and the price of salmon continues to fall, many producers will be unable to cover their production costs.
Much is at stake, and the limits of the exercise need to be all the clearer because of that.
In recent months, the Monterrey Conference has come to occupy a prominent place on the so-called Development Agenda, particularly after the attacks of 11 September and with the realisation that the problems of development in a globalised world require our full, immediate and urgent attention.
Joint action can have a positive effect in overcoming the economic and financial crisis.
I want to confirm what I said this morning: the document will be made public as per the interinstitutional agreement.
I am not sure if the whole PPE Group supports this proposal.
   . Mr President, I would like to take advantage of this debate to congratulate the bureau of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly on the communication that it has published on the infamous cartoons.
(Applause)
I would say that the most urgent need is for all Member States to approve and ratify the 1995 and 1996 conventions on extradition.
Their sale creates new owners and a monopoly on the transmission system.
If the European Parliament and the European Union genuinely wish to help the Albanian people along the road to democracy, they must issue a stern warning to Mr Berisha and condemn unequivocally conduct which may serve the interests in the region of certain parties in the medium term but will lead to greater tension in the long term.
I am particularly pleased at the confirmation of Cathy Ashton as High Representative, and am sure that her quiet diplomacy will be of benefit to Europe as a whole.
Conformity marking must be affixed to any product falling within the scope of a technical harmonisation directive providing for it.
Should the institutional diplomacy of silence on the part of the Council be interpreted as the postponement of the matter ad calendas grecas?
in writing. - (EL) The title about environmental quality standards in the field of water policy does not really correspond to its content, in that it focuses on harmful substances in surface waters and on sediments which come solely from pesticides.
The problem here is that whenever we try to put the whole of Europe together and try to bring in legislation that suits every Member State, one size does not fit all, and that is why I urge this House to support Amendments Nos 27 and 28 by Mrs Doyle.
To conclude, Mr Bontempi's report contains sound principles and advocates realistic cooperation.
Second, it is one area where you can provide the tool.
We cannot accept a situation where different criteria have been applied in Kosovo and in Chechnya, for example.
Senators and Members of the national Parliament have a series of rights: the right to be given information by state bodies, the right to request information from the administrative authorities of central and local government and a statutory 40-day period within which an answer must be given.
For example, Philips invented the light bulb at home and Bill Gates started developing software from his garage.
As we know, doubts about the commitment of the IRA continued to exist, 10 years on.
The Television without Frontiers Directive has proved its worth as a legal instrument and is now being applied satisfactorily.
(SV) Madam President, thank you, Mr Andersson, for an important report.
Particularly large losses occurred in 2008-2009.
Parliament should pursue the initiative, suggesting responsibly whatever amendments it considers appropriate, whilst strictly respecting the current legal framework.
You can set a good example, Mr President-in-Office, if you can ensure that, at a joint meeting of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights and the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs in September, the competent Minister helps to allay the irritation that has arisen in connection with the Monti initiatives and the debate on freedom of movement.
I did, however, agree to call for an emergency EU-Israel Association Council meeting to discuss the crisis.
We hope to reach a final consensus in Valencia.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is unstinting in condemning poor treatment of Muslims throughout the world.
I believe that interpretation of the Stability Pact should echo the readiness of Member States to make extra budgetary efforts in order to obtain a financial perspective and a European Union budget fit for purpose and able to deliver the objectives we should like it to achieve.
They must be fully involved in the EU's activities.
The American president's current negotiator, Robert Zoellick, wrote the 1990 transatlantic declaration.
Mr President, as coordinator for my group on the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, I particularly wanted to come here this evening to pay tribute to the team that has worked on this, Mr Hasse Ferreira, who has led this with distinction, and particularly my colleague, Mrs Weisgerber, who has worked tirelessly together with Mr Hasse Ferreira on this proposal.
My services will evaluate the existing difficulties there will be cooperation between my services, a group of government experts and social partners.
The hope expressed by the Committee on Institutional Affairs, namely that the Treaty could be improved after the event by the way it is interpreted seems an extremely deceptive one.
At that rate, we will never be competitive at an international level.
So one cannot speak in terms of rum production in the Canary Islands supposedly maintaining jobs; there may well be a hundred jobs, but two families with an oligopoly of the Canary Islands market reap an immense profit from them.
These confirm the figures from spring this year that overall support for the European Union is higher than at any time over the past decade.
Politically, the need to bring it into force is even more urgent than ever before.

It is obvious that discussions such as that we are having today, in relation to the case of Anna Politkovskaya, will always be emotional affairs.
For this reason, I would like to express my appreciation for the work carried out by Vice-President Marinho.
Unfortunately, however, I feel that that is precisely the direction in which things are going.
Negotiations on the new Economic Partnership Agreements (EPAs) began in 2002 with the aim of building on and strengthening the regional integration processes in the ACP countries.
In terms of maintaining and improving employment, the measures will be of little use, however necessary they are, if our companies are not able to export as a result of the unfair competition in the field of external trade which the EU is obliged to control.
I hope that we can seize the moment - and I count on you to help us deliver these reforms.
In an open market, the best commodities succeed.
in writing. - This grants the Executive Director of the European Environment Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
I hear them constantly complaining and apologising.
I would definitely like to support this concept for the reasons given above.
The interim agreement was signed in April.
This is not through rudeness but out of respect for your time, because I do not wish to waste it.
I should also like to emphasize the need to take political factors into account.
Others who were obviously more sceptical said we wanted to see the safeguards first and then we would look at greater cooperation between Member States.
We need people in government dealing solely with Europe.
I think Parliament's proposal to amend that annex is acceptable, as is the introduction of certain changes to the sectors where resorting to the comitology procedure is envisaged.
Mr President, I have just returned from Jerusalem and Ramallah and I would, above all, like to support the principle of tomorrow's debate, whether or not Question Time to the Commission has to be moved, although this is also an important part of our proceedings.
We have agreed that the EIT should develop gradually.
'You do not belong here' they are told.
It must act and, from that point of view, the report is a step in the right direction.
I believe that the Blue Card represents a positive step in the direction of controlled immigration based on the requirements, opportunities and needs of the Member States.
While we welcome this initial assessment as a positive step in the right direction, the Council will consider further the final reports on the conduct of the elections from the international monitors, when they are available, before arriving at a conclusion on the acceptability of the elections and their outcome.
Explanations of vote
Before the end of the year, they will have been examined by the ministers in charge of agriculture, the internal market, consumers and health.
Secondly, we need to be able to make joint and scientifically based risk assessments.
We shall also vote against those texts whose viewpoints we fundamentally reject.
We also have to take account of a judgment by the European Court of Justice which ruled that the requirement to employ a lawyer was solely a matter for the Member States.
Your speech once again made it clear that you, as the Vice-President of the Commission responsible for Plan D, are someone in whom we can trust and on whom we can rely.
I am convinced that the Commission must be guided by this imperative need for quality in the field of tourism.
They would be paid - through a regional compensation fund - a token amount, say about EUR 50 a tonne, which would not be enough to encourage targeting these fish and creating the black market that Ms Fraga Estévez fears, but would be too much to throw them, dead, back into the water.
The 10 % level for reserve funds is too much.
Reports Oomen-Ruijten and Myller (A5-0293 and 0292/2001)
If there are to be reduced profits for the pharmaceuticals, my country, the UK, will suffer disproportionately, as it is a major employer and export-earner, and many of our pension funds are heavily invested in this sector.
I would like to add three points:
However, much will depend on the way those provisions are implemented.
11.
The House may also be interested to know that they have the support of the Council too.
Very often, parents do not have any idea about the advantages and the disadvantages of new technologies.
The danger is that if we set a quota at the wrong level, in three years’ time there may be no more fish to set the next quota for.
We have also been able to insert concrete references to acts of violence and abuses committed this year not only in the Middle East, but in other parts of the world against Christian communities.
Reference is also made to money laundering, and as far as this goes, I too demand an end to all the hypocrisy.
Compromises are also needed because you will be debating the problem of Iraq tomorrow.
The members of the European Commission took pains to confirm this during the hearings in the European Parliament's committees by unhesitatingly supporting: the imperialist nature of the EU, the strength of its anti-grassroots policy and its military interventions at international level, in order to promote the profitability of capital; their dedication to the completion of the single market and the four Maastricht freedoms, competitiveness and capitalist restructurings, in order to put suitable conditions in place for the concentration of capital; the stepping-up of anti-grassroots measures in an all-out attack on the workers' labour, wage, social and insurance rights, in order to increase the profits of the monopolies; an increase in and the strengthening of reactionary prosecuting tools, in order to repress workers' and grassroots demonstrations.
All that, of course, has appeared in this agreement with Morocco and I think we must welcome the actions of the Commission and of the Commissioner in particular in achieving this agreement which, as the rapporteur rightly said, is perhaps not a good agreement but possibly the best that could be achieved.
There is a realistic chance that genetically-modified plants will allow us to make huge progress with renewable primary products.
It would have been absurd to punish the poorest of the poor.
Approval of the Minutes
Thinking of the ravages caused by drug addiction among our young people, in terms of dependence, poverty and health, I am also glad to see that the Dutch presidency has made it one of its priorities to combat international organized crime and drug trafficking.
That would be a positive and encouraging signal.
Be that as it may, Turkey still has the death penalty: well, while it is hard to change the mentality of the police and change the situation in the prisons, a law is, nevertheless, sufficient and a parliamentary vote is sufficient to abolish the death penalty, which is what many countries in the European Union have done.
I voted in favour of this report as I agree with its vision and ambition for an EU that has a strong presence on the international stage.
Just last Friday, the terrorist organisation ETA assassinated again.
Climate change policies thus need to be designed to contribute to economic growth in the developing countries.
We shall abstain, because we have no substantive objections to the texts you have submitted.
It is not a question of violating basic rights and human rights.
Therefore, the Minister, President-in-Office of the Council, must know that that common position has been surpassed, it is obsolete and an anachronism. It is unjust and scandalous that Cuba is the only country in Latin America with which the European Union does not have any cooperation agreement, which puts it in a difficult position - in the disastrous situation it is in at the moment - in terms of helping with the reconstruction of what was destroyed by Hurricane Michelle.
People are naturally curious and like to buy novelties, especially when they are financially accessible.
Despite that, 1.9% is more than what is currently available to many national Finance Ministers to draw up their own budgets.
That is the step that we are now trying to achieve by 17 December, so this is exactly along the lines of many remarks which I have made in the past.
First of all the problem of effective withdrawal and destruction of the nets has been raised. I want to assure Mr Eisma and also Mr Tamino that this point is expressly made several times in the Italian plan, in terms of both incentive and method.
If this were conditional on Cuba opening itself up, on greater freedom to travel, on the free movement of persons - including members of the opposition - then, in Cuba too, a start could be made on a proper process of transition.
We will continue to make clear to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea that the nuclear problem must be resolved and that the six-party talks are the best way of dealing with this question.
It begins inconspicuously with gradual backsliding on standards of tolerance and equal opportunities.
We wanted to send out a strong message to the citizens by ensuring that the treaty was ratified for the European elections of June 2009.
First of all, the extension of majority voting to cover essential matters such as border controls, taxation, financial perspectives, criminal law, services of general economic interest etc. ought not to be possible, or at least should only be possible in exchange for a safety net, for example a right of veto for each national democracy, exercised by its national parliament or by a referendum.
If Russia wants to play a significant and increasing role in overall European security policy - and I think it would be good if Russia were to do so - now is its opportunity to show it.
We therefore had a very distorted balance in committee.
The safety measures must be checked at least once a year, using suitable instruments and modern technology, and must be under the constant supervision of a responsible person, to be appointed on the basis of their professional training and experience.
I would much rather press for alternatives that are solutions, as my fellow Member, Mr Wiersma, has also stated.
I have to say that this observation is a result of an analysis of the policy - implemented, in some cases against their will, by some of the Member States as a result of the restrictions - to reduce, in accordance with budgetary requirements, in some cases even because of the limits we ourselves have imposed, research expenditure first of all.
It is still only embryonic: even if we have succeeded in creating ten European parties, we cannot say that we have succeeded totally.
Both countries have been assessed regarding their technical preparation for this accession, with totally positive conclusions.
These are resulting in ever-tighter constraints on farmers regarding environmental protection and animal welfare.
When we began work on drafting the budget at the start of the year, I was curious as to how far my advisors, coordinators and political group would allow me to go, since I had been told that I had already gone too far.
This is an initiative which, to my mind, is sound but will only add value if all Member States participate and if this is more than simply intergovernmental cooperation.
I cannot understand why quotas should be extended in this important sector, since it is to the disadvantage of the farmers concerned.
Mr President, I too would like to express my satisfaction at the fact that this report emphasises, once again, that it is in the European Union's interests to proceed with all the policies which are useful and necessary to achieve integration of the countries of the Western Balkans into the European structures. I too believe that we must proceed with a policy which has yielded good fruit in recent years in terms of reconstruction and, in addition, consider the next step, which is the issue of democracy and legislation in those places.
That is something special.
- Before the vote on the legislative resolution:
So that EU citizens support and trust these parties, it is necessary to strengthen a single and transparent framework for the funding of political parties at European level.
All they want is the opportunity to sell.
The report is based on a total lack of faith in the existing methods of agricultural production in the European Union.
I welcome the adoption of the Charter of Fundamental Rights which will help us take a much wiser look at ourselves, including Great Britain and Poland.
There is therefore considerable room for anxiety.
On Monday, in the centre of Bulgaria's capital, Sofia, writer Georgi Stoev was shot dead in a demonstrative assassination.
Nevertheless, I would like to remind you that, since Bulgaria and Romania joined the European Union, the Black Sea has become a partially internal sea and we cannot ignore its strategic importance for the entire world.
12.
Furthermore, I recently heard that Afghanistan has no plans to abrogate the Sharia Criminal Code, including stoning to death for adultery.
The first concerns the compatibility of a seat in the European Parliament with one in the national Parliament.
Solidarność is a meaningful symbol to remind future generations of Europeans of this alliance.
Suddenly, however, after yet another electoral win by Mr Berlusconi, the danger to the free movement of ideas has magically returned.
I therefore call on the House to support our amendment to give this important project just the direction it needs.
Thirdly, the key to the proposal is the new European Maritime Safety Agency, the expert opinions and professionalism of which will assist the Commission in these vitally important duties.
It is therefore very important that the European Union should set the example that we are the first to comply with not only the procedures but also the rules of the World Trade Organisation.
The redundancies were made against the backdrop of the financial and economic crisis, which resulted in a slump in demand for vehicles in Spain and worldwide at an unprecedented rate.
It is worth pointing out that the Saudi aeroplanes listed for exemption belong to private individuals.
The Convention also covers the issue of recognition of the adoption decision but always keeps the rights and interests of the child at the centre.
And then there is unemployment, still the most urgent social problem facing our continent, above all for young people and women.
One single Commissioner has brought fame to the whole of his Commission, albeit at a considerable price.
This is an expression of the common will to make a commitment to the community of values for the public.
However, I must also plead here for your understanding.
I asked whether there is a definite date yet, a date when the social dialogue will next be on the agenda, for example in DG V.
As I said before, the reason for this is that if there is no legislation and if the latter is not combined with an import ban, there is a risk of the measure' s not being effective enough.
(DE) Mr President, when does the citizen need Europe's solidarity?
I think that we should make it crystal clear that this is an incredibly narrow view of the world.
It will cost us dearly and we will not be able to bridge it by stepping up regional policy.
We will indeed have to look again at the Commission's original proposal for emission ceilings in 2004 and decide whether it would be better to share the burden differently in the light of more recent developments.
It is crucial for the Ankara Government not only to adopt laws in order to meet the Copenhagen criteria, but also to implement them in practice.
But if this approach is to succeed, there must be the political will for a partnership.
I want to see us aim for tough but simple rules and more organic farming.
We also met and remained in contact with the MEPs who were present in Geneva during those days.
Membership of committees and delegations: see Minutes
Secondly, the extension of eligibility to non-WTO members: such countries are just as much in need of assistance under the provisions of this regulation as WTO member countries.
In addition, public-private partnerships are perhaps the only way that private investment can be involved in creating this infrastructure.
This rule is characterised by the beauty of its simplicity and also offers equal treatment to those who form a de facto household.
We have now come to the end of the questions to Mr Pinheiro, whom I would thank for his replies.
It is a disgrace for the socialists who made the proposal and for everyone who accepted it.
It is essential that they should not only learn the languages of the countries to which they come to live, but also assume as their own the culture and history of their new homelands.
The revision of the CCW is still at the level of working groups: one on anti-vehicles mines, the other on submunitions.
The need for unanimity in the Council for some issues made negotiations more difficult.
I also thank you for the priority you have given to dealing with my recent proposal on the creation of a European asylum support office.
It is clear, however, that at least one category of citizens will not benefit from these policies after 2006, and this is the French farmers.
The people of Europe have a perception that MEPs and Commissioners do not live up to high standards, and whether or not we like it this is the reality which we must acknowledge and remedy, not close ranks and pretend does not exist.
So we will do our best to help produce a good set of principles on flexicurity but they must then lead to an amendment to the guidelines.
(Applause)
There have been four committees which have made decisions, the assumptions of which have not been brought into the trialogue.
We must check, not only in the automobile industry but in other sectors too, whether there is any point in creating new capacity or whether this would confuse the market and we end up with situations we can then only control by taking countermeasures, i.e., by spending more money, which is of course quite ridiculous.
Mr President, President Santer, ladies and gentlemen, back in October's debate on the Commission's annual programme for 1997, we raised a number of issues of method and timing: these concerned the procedure and schedule for the presentation to the House of the annual budget, the programme of work and the legislative programme of the Commission.
Furthermore, should the Dublin Convention not be reviewed?
As you will remember, we did battle over whether to make the latter target binding.
It is very important to bear in mind the reality of Andorra in the European framework and its relations with the European Union.
It is important to realise that beyond the commitments of Kyoto, new commitments have to be made in order to sufficiently slow down climate change.
The review is further justified because the rules that are somewhat more specific focus more on the steps to take after a disaster has occurred.
I hope that an agreement will be reached with Carla del Ponte in the next few days, and I made it clear on behalf of my Group when I spoke to Minister Ljajić that all the issues have to be resolved.
That is the first reason.
I would like to thank Ms Figueiredo for her report on minimum income schemes.
Parliament's action is necessary both to strengthen consumer confidence and to encourage and support manufacturers wishing to engage in cross-border trade.
These processes should not just put computers in schools and parents' associations, psychologists and teachers should take part in them.
Countries can easily adopt this system, but the only problem is, of course, that certain wishes cannot be met.
Mr Poettering has given his final speech to this House.
We voted ‘no’ and we hope that at least one of the Member States will oppose the 3 October decision, because it would be an ill omen for the future of Europe.
I do not exactly see SLORC members queueing up for entry into the European Union.
These resolutions also amend the annexes to Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 that were left empty when the basic Regulation was adopted.
This report and the Commission's proposal do not question the idea of summer time.
He will produce an annual programme and this will, of course, include the things to be done within the various Directorates-General.
Support for international mine action is one of the most important political priorities of the European Union and I am genuinely grateful for the efforts of the European Parliament in helping to ensure that this issue has not dropped down the international agenda.
Nothing I have seen or heard since then has made me change my mind that what we did was not only wrong but also foolish.
The report talks about the Middle East.
This would also guarantee the appropriateness and proportionality of community-level actions, while, of course, adhering to the principle of subsidiarity.
There are four Nordic countries; the Northern Dimension encompasses the whole north of Europe.
The European Union has recognised that there is a chasm between its citizens and the institutions.
The BSE crisis of recent years must never again threaten European consumers, farmers and the beef industry.
The second process, for which we have already taken the first organisational steps in this House, is the establishment of a project group comprising the rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs of both participating committees, a working party whose purpose would be to keep a close eye on the work of the Commission, the research groups and the network as well as providing political guidance on particular issues of legal policy, such as the issue of the demarcation line between business-to-business and business-to-consumer transactions.
Fisheries monitoring will only become fully successful once the fishermen themselves can feel fully confident in the process.
To close, I should like to emphasise that many of the amendments are useful in clarifying the proposal and improve how it stands in relation to the Water Framework Directive and the previous directive on groundwater.

The register could only include cases in which the complainants had agreed to forego the right to confidentiality under the procedure.
We now need to update and maintain the current system of subsidy controls which are designed, quite simply, to balance the additional costs actually incurred in the marketing of fishery products against those of other EU regions.
Mr President, let me express my thanks to Mr Peterle for his attempt to add some additional policies and actions to the Community strategy on health.
And finally, it is appropriate - and is, in fact, the path which is being taken, for a lot is said about crisis but little about the plans currently being implemented - to liberalize the financial sectors of these countries, in order to give foreign institutions the possibility of operating there.
Mr President, while Commissioner Reding confirmed, and President Barroso reconfirmed in his letter today, that the Women's Charter commits the Commission to promoting and ensuring gender equality and women's rights in all policy fields, I am disappointed that this has not been put into practice for the EU 2020 strategy.
Of course, every instance of a deprived urban area is a separate case.
Since it has not yet been possible to analyse the aircraft’s black boxes, it would be irresponsible to draw premature conclusions about this tragedy.
I believe that freedom of movement is the gateway to democracy and knowledge.
In view of this, what will the Council do to stop the Commission changing things for the worse in relation to the environment?
This clearly requires considerable effort on the part of the candidate countries, and also of the Commission, in terms of cooperating with them in order to facilitate this work and rigorously verify that it is carried out.
Firstly, the Code of Good Administrative Conduct which, it should be stressed, was the result of an initiative by Parliament when adopting the Perry report on the activities of the Committee on Petitions in 1996.
There are already proposals on the table. The Kyoto Protocol contains a number of proposals concerning how we can proceed further and what measures need to be taken.
So I believe that is the right support to give.
I would like to take this opportunity to underline, above all, the importance of renewable energies for the rural regions.
Evidence of this is the proposal for free access to the markets of the richest countries for the agricultural products of the poorer countries.
I voted for this new directive, which allows the judicial authorities of a Member State that has implemented protection measures under its national law to issue a 'European Protection Order', which protects victims on the territory of the other Member States.
The nature of these matters is purely national.
They should use a common approach in assessing their annual reports, and then comparison will become fruitful and productive.
Market surveillance is also key, when it comes to online gambling.
I also believe it is correct to include airports and require them to be integrated with railways and to place emphasis on developing the new concept of 'green corridors'.
However, the possibility remains open - unsurprisingly - of emissions trading, which especially affects the more economically fragile countries that do not have the money to buy emissions rights.
As you can see, it is really far too big.
There is also another point of view.
As I sought to reflect in my initial answer, we wholly condemn actions which are taken towards inciting the kind of terrorism and acts of violence which he describes and I hope my earlier remarks reflect the seriousness with which we regard this problem.
I hope the House will think very closely before supporting that amendment.
I am favourably disposed towards the idea of selling more quality products from European agriculture on the world markets by means of the measures proposed in the Fantuzzi report.
The key issues in the problematic situation over the negotiations at the moment are the failure to resolve the occupation of Cyprus, inactivity over the UN resolution on Famagusta and a failure to fulfil the 'tasks' arising from previous reports.
Second, that the CoR failed to properly apply the rules on the reimbursement of travel expenses and other financial rules.
Further debate is needed on this.
The problems which have arisen over the last few days between two of our States, however deep-seated they may be, and regardless of their human and economic implications, will not prove exceptions to this rule. I am convinced that they will succumb to this desire to reach a conclusion based on consensus.
As it is now only a few days before Christmas, I would like to say: Light a candle of determination and common interest, a candle representing the new seriousness, honesty and confidence in the future of the Europe Union.
They opted first to create a facility, then to establish a subsidiary and then, with time, to see if the bank could be set up with contributions, not only from Europe, but also from our Mediterranean partner countries themselves, which are clearly very keen to contribute.
We must face up to the fact that this erosion of democracy, of the rule of law and of human rights is making it increasingly difficult to cooperate with the region, to honour existing partnership and cooperation agreements and to conclude or ratify new agreements.
It is time to do a deal.
With these reservations, we support the report.
I believe this crack in the regime and the courage of its protesting youth - whom I salute - will eventually bring the whole rotten government down.
Economics form an important part of EU-India relations.
ETA has always tried to internationalise the peace process.
